"For tractability considerations, we focus on a class of second-order conic (SOC) representable ambiguity set, though our results can easily be extended to more general conic representations."
"We present two applications of the methodology to illustrate the insights that can be gained through its use: The first application focuses on hazmat shipments through the highway network of Western Ontario, Canada, whereas the second application studies the problem in a much larger geographical region that covers the provinces of Ontario and Quebec."
"The problem of determining continuous flows of minimum cost in a network with convex cost functions is considered."
"Management Sci.36 305–314.)"
"When a cardiac lead fails, physicians implant a new lead and may opt to extract the failed lead and/or any previously abandoned leads."
"We integrate heterogeneity and uncertainty in investor valuations into a model of takeovers."
"In this paper, we evaluate univariate time series methods for forecasting intraday arrivals for lead times from one half-hour ahead to two weeks ahead."
"The objective of this paper is to present a means of modeling the quality characteristics of a large class of systems."
"In the above quoted paper, Brams and Merrill (Brams, Steven J., Samuel Merrill, III."
"$8.50, ($3.95 paper);—Walldin, Knut-Erik, Aspects of Operations Research in Theory and Practice."
"Considering various Markov probability models for predicting game winners based on regular season performance, professional sports rankings, and Las Vegas betting odds, we compare our predictions with what actually happened in past NCAA and NIT tournaments."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"To solve the stochastic aggregate sequencing problem, a simple heuristic solution procedure is developed that accounts for the forecast revisions and provides a lower bound on the optimal value."
"Each result is based upon the assumption that the firm's investment opportunities follow constant returns-to-scale, and are of the “point input—stream output” type."
"This finding has major implications for the relevancy of much of portfolio and general equilibrium theory."
"His approach involves the assumption of a constant fraction of the total written output being read by each individual, and this leads to the interesting conclusion that this total output approaches a finite upper limit when the size of the organization grows indefinitely."
"Because active and passive order flow migrate to the dark pool where price impact occurs only post-trade, price efficiency worsens with any positive level of dark trading."
"In terms of distribution of the total surplus, we find that capacity reservation contracts always make both firms better off, whereas ex post transfer payment contracts may make one firm worse off."
"Next, we relax a key hidden assumption, namely that all intra-channel agreements are observable to competitors."
"Competitive promotional strategies."
"Economic Theory and Operations Analysis."
"This paper was accepted by Axel Ockenfels, decision analysis."
"We address this question using Securities and Exchange Commission–mandated disclosures to identify the dates when new private information about target or acquiring firm value is created."
"Statistical aggregation is often used to combine multiple opinions within a group."
"Some further experimental results are given."
"This problem is amenable to solution by the application of mathematical tools."
"Utilizing the prior interaction among contestants, we find evidence that people have reciprocal preferences."
"The experiment shows that, on average, workers are reluctant to follow the algorithmic advice; however, the workers are more willing to conform once their forecasts are integrated into the algorithm."
"We hypothesize that this decision is based on two factors: the analyst's ability to cover the merged firm and his or her assessment of the M&A deal."
"The integration is based on established theoretical constructs in utility, Bayesian decision analysis, and discrete choice theory."
"The paper also includes the solution of one example to illustrate the applicability of the method."
"$4.95 (paper);—Westing, J. Howard and Albaum, Gerald (Editors), Modern Marketing Thought (Second Edition)."
"New York: Barnes & Noble, Inc., 1967 (second edition), 152 pp.,"
"Also, a firm's product positioning and introduction sequence decisions made during the product-planning phase are significantly impacted by the presence of platforms."
"The theory shows that in a general class of moral hazard games with imperfect information about agents with two-dimensional type, apologies exhibit regular properties—e.g., apologies are more frequent in long relationships, early in relationships, and between better-matched partners."
"This study uses quantitative and qualitative data gathered from a sample of six open source software projects to explore two sets of research questions derived from the literature on software reuse in firms and open source software development."
"By Austin Grimshaw and John W. Hennessey."
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"The importance of balancing modeling and encoding techniques is emphasized and examples of biases and unconscious modes of judgment are reviewed."
"We show that the optimal policy for this problem has a quite simple form."
"An explanation for the latter observation may be that there was less distortion in probability weighting in the interval [0.10, 0.20] than has commonly been observed."
"Given the set of cash requirements and the costs and constraints relating to alternative sources of cash, it is often difficult to determine the optimum manner of meeting the short-term cash needs."
"Decisions are the result of the interaction between two decision processes."
"In this paper, we present a normative study that describes the impact of discharging decisions in the face of resource shortages."
"Books Received"
"As online shopping becomes more convenient, a retailer may prefer to have more physical stores that are smaller in size."
"double spread flow chart and Sandee, Jan. A demonstration planning model for India."
"It demonstrates the kind of cost structure which causes a minimum slack rule to be superior to a shortest processing time rule."
"A specially-structured integer programming model, called the multiple-choice nested knapsack model, is developed in this paper."
"It is shown that the reason for the planning horizons is the jump (discontinuity) in the derivative of the inventory cost function when inventory is zero."
"This paper was accepted by Chung Piaw Teo, optimization."
"The service provider determines a resource allocation policy, i.e., how to assign tasks to servers over time, with the goal of maximizing the system’s long-term throughput."
"Unfortunately, very little is known about this problem because exact analysis is extremely difficult."
"The approach is simulative in that the operation of the shop is simulated in a Fortran program, but in addition to the straightforward use of priority rules for determining sequences of jobs on the machines, a number of heuristics or rules of thumb are incorporated."
"Games in this class have the attractive property of each supplier’s share of industry total surplus being the product of its added value and its relative bargaining power."
"1984."
"This paper examines the effect of stochastic task times on the total operating costs of a continuously paced assembly line under the assumption that the line is stopped whenever at least one work station requires more time than allotted."
"A simple linear model is constructed for production, use and recycling of various paper and related products."
"I document that about 58% of newly founded U.S. equity mutual fund share classes in the CRSP mutual fund database from 2008 to 2015 cannot be matched to the TR database."
"The authors conduct a real-effort experiment in which supervisors have to rate the performance of individual workers who in turn receive a bonus payment based on these ratings."
"However, such an assumption often becomes restrictive in many real-world applications."
"The quality of our solutions is evaluated via an integer program based on a combinatorial relaxation, showing that our solutions are within 10% of the optimum."
"The controls are the scale of operation, the purchase of new capacity, informative advertising, brand advertising, and the rate of change of the output price."
"However, relationship properties that support relationship expansion (e.g., goal congruence and information exchange norms) reach their zenith in the build-up phase and afterwards fade into the background."
"A gradient technique baaed on the first variations is used to solve a production scheduling problem with known sales forecasting."
"This paper focuses on product form."
"A quota is set for the minimum number of good employees to be added each period, and selection is done on the basis of a test having a known correlation with the given criterion of job success."
"It differs from previous work chiefly in that it allows for such imperfect correlation, and that it restricts attention to a discrete output space."
"The proposed computation appears to be considerably more efficient than the specialized form of the simplex method which is in common use."
"This paper attempts to present the major methods, successful or interesting uses, and computational experience relating to integer or discrete programming problems."
"Further analyses show that the monitoring effect of internal governance mechanisms on high-centrality executives is very limited and that the discipline of the managerial labor market is weaker for high-centrality CFOs as well."
"Mathematical Methods in the Social Sciences ."
"Second, in this decentralization context, we show that if senior management has access ex post to the portfolio shares of the individual traders, it amounts to recovering some of their private information."
"These estimators, however, require sample sizes that grow exponentially in the problem dimension."
"Consequently, higher power achieved by these tests comes at the cost of a higher than specified level of Type I error."
"In this paper, we extend an efficient ascending combinatorial auction mechanism to use approximate single-item pricing."
"We focus on the operational decisions made by the shopbot: which stores to search, how long to wait, and which offers to present to the user."
"In this paper we consider the problem of finding a “good” lot size and reorder point policy for an inventory which is subject to continuous exponential decay."
"For larger sets (20 and 25 nodes) the average difference is reduced to 5.9%."
"failure"
"The most interesting result is that the horizon planning properties of the individual models are retained in the combined model."
"For our purposes here the “organization” is characterized by the way in which these orders are jointly formed."
"We identify economic factors that may influence the use of options and show that there are significant differences in these factors between IT and other industries."
"Cost growth of weapon systems is a major concern of the DOD and its contractors."
"Our technique is relatively simple and delivers accurate performance estimates."
"For the minority of grants that are not filed within the required two-day window, the fraction of manipulated grants remains as high as 19.9%."
"Since exact results exist for only a limited class of networks, the decomposition methodology has been used extensively to obtain approximate results."
"We overcome both the challenges of model uncertainty and customer heterogeneity by judiciously synthesizing two algorithmic frameworks from the literature: inventory balancing, which “reserves” a portion of each resource for high-reward customer types that could later arrive based on competitive ratio analysis, and online learning, which “explores” the resource consumption distributions for each customer type under different actions based on regret analysis."
"Book Reviews—Dynamic Management in Industry."
"This paper centers on issues of equity which are related to least cost air pollution abatement strategies."
"They make bids upon arrival at a queue whose length is unobservable."
"We adopt a competitive, game-theoretic (as opposed to single-firm optimization) framework, where there is competition for the provision of after-sales service between the manufacturer and an independent service operator."
"In addition, this paper documents that delivered RI increases in firms that implement RI."
"This paper models and quantifies the cost-savings potential of production systems that collect, remanufacture, and remarket end-of-use products as perfect substitutes while facing the fundamental supply-loop constraints of limited component durability and finite product life cycles."
"This result has relevance for situations in which there are multiple offices of the same type."
"Substantial support is found for the central thesis, that achieving each of the four antecedent processes increases the predicted rents from an innovation project."
"This paper proposes user involvement as an intervening variable between user participation and system use."
"For a basic feasible solution (i.e., a profitable schedule of bets) to exist, it is necessary for the win and place pools to weight the contestants differently."
"This paper extends the usual regression analysis to include the partition of the variance to examine the possible secondary and higher order impact of policy variables in a policy impact model."
"Some examples and computational experience are given."
"failure"
"In Part II, planning horizons will be developed when the model is extended to include backlogging and overtime.)The techniques developed here are essentially forward-looking and marginal-cost-balancing in nature, rather than total-cost-minimizing and backward-looking such as dynamic programming, or total-cost-minimizing and omni-looking in nature such as linear programming."
"This paper presents a model of choice with two stages of information acquisition."
"Our extended model can rationalize a variety of empirically observed puzzles such as a positive demand for assets with negative expected returns, preference for skewed returns, and underdiversification of portfolios."
"The goal of the present paper is to investigate the influence of advertising on the diffusion of new telephones in West Germany."
"Programming of interdependent activities: Mathematical model, chapter II."
"failure"
"In this setting, inbound orders from a downstream member serve as a valuable informational input to upstream production and inventory decisions."
"These results hold over a remarkably broad range of assumptions and conditions."
"An experiment dealing with some central features of MMIS is described."
"The behavior of optimal pricing and output decisions is characterized analytically."
"Here, the aspiring imitator faces a knowledge (i.e., “capabilities-based”) barrier to imitation that is both causal and ambiguous in a precise sense of both words."
"The tendency of orders to increase in variability as one moves up a supply chain is commonly known as the bullwhip effect."
"Books Received"
"The rule hierarchy is iteratively defined such that the level-k rule is a best response to the level-(k-1) rule, and the level-∞ rule corresponds to backward induction."
"A set of solutions defined as extrapolations is defined, and a property of nonintersection of extrapolations is proved."
"It is instrumental for building a fast heuristic that is embedded into a genetic algorithm to solve the sequencing problem."
"We propose a new class of models of asset returns, the displaced mixed exponential model, which can arbitrarily closely approximate finite and infinite activity Lévy processes."
"This article considers the construction of simulation designs for the ordinary least squares estimation of second-order metamodels."
"We hypothesize that high-expertise managers make decisions that encourage cooperation among their subordinates."
"The second model schedules drilling-rig operations when it is assumed that the production from a given well follows a specified production-decline curve."
"Individuals who ranked better than expected decreased their subsequent output, whereas those who ranked worse than expected increased their output."
"$6.95—reviewed by R. M. Thrall."
"We illustrate and test our method on the life-cycle problem of an individual who receives unspanned labor income and cannot borrow or short sell."
"An alternative view is proposed which recognizes that there are two types of research findings that can be applied cross-nationally: (1) findings that are invariant across different national settings, and (2) findings that incorporate the societal context into the analysis of the phenomenon under study."
"$2.50 (paper);—Rapoport, Anatol, N-Person Game Theory: Concepts and Applications."
"This paper considers inventory models with advance demand information and flexible delivery."
"Using a theoretical model and statistical analysis with empirical data from the four networks in the United States, we analyze the equilibrium achieved in this network monopolistic competition."
"We argue that the method could yield an attractive combination of high estimation accuracy and relatively low cost."
"Additionally, to the extent the visual queue information is misleading or does not lead to the desired behavior, managers have an opportunity to intervene by altering what information is available to waiting customers."
"Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) is a nonparametric approach to evaluating the relative efficiency of decision making units (DMUs) that use multiple inputs to produce multiple outputs."
"This preference seems to be primarily due to a diminishing sensitivity to the prices."
"This paper was prepared for presentation as the Presidential Address at the 8th Annual International Meeting of The Institute of Management Sciences, Brussels, Belgium, August 24, 1961."
"This model is being used by one firm, and it should prove useful to many operations researchers interested in the industry."
"The goal of the mandate was to mitigate drug shortages by enhancing operational transparency in the pharmaceutical industry."
"This paper considers the problem of redistributing stock among several user activities within the period between regular deliveries of new supplies to the system."
"The analyses using matched contract samples and vendor panels consistently show that despite the governing power provided by contracts as well as the litigation and arbitration options, vendors’ online reputation can still be influential on clients."
"In such cases, some of these solutions may be significantly better than others with respect to unmodeled issues."
"The problem is to determine the optimal sequences of jobs, before processing begins, for various criteria of tardiness."
"This article investigates how private firms respond to potential entry from public firms."
"The authors are able to analyze how failing banks might be rescued by consortia of other banks, establishing the important results that any consortium that has an incentive to rescue the failing banks also has the means and that any consortium of banks that would fail if default were allowed to spread would have an incentive to rescue if it had the means."
"An implication of our results is that popular measures of conservatism, such as the measure proposed by Basu, also reflect curtailments."
"all rely heavily on user-generated content and have been growing significantly in the last decade."
"The estimates serve as a basis for projecting the change in electricity prices once carbon emissions become costly; the net effect of such charges is predicted to be a 30% increase in energy prices at the retail level."
"Interestingly though, we find that women are more likely to tell an altruistic lie."
"failure"
"A few management games are described in some detail, and a number of others are mentioned only briefly."
"Theories of decision-making in economics and behavioral science."
"Overall, our research suggests that, despite concerns expressed by policy makers, better forecasting and algorithms can lead to lower prices and higher consumer surplus."
"Between these two extremes lie other algorithms possessing characteristics of both but which may prove more advantageous for any specific application of discrete system simulation."
"Long-range investment plans, particularly for expansion or decentralization, often consist of a number of separate but interacting investments spaced over a number of years."
"Expressions describing steady state operating characteristics of the system and the expected total cost rate are developed."
"We provide a lower bound on the long run average cost over all inventory-routing strategies."
"In many manufacturing problems, the total lead time taken to manufacture a product is an important consideration."
"The paper integrates these two functions into one single model using zero-one programming."
"More specifically, the error rate of operational risk events decreases first, as workload increases, and then increases."
"Feasible solutions serve as base points in a branch and bound process to refine solutions and bounds."
"It shows that if the ability to produce the nonmonetary effect does not diminish too quickly over time, failure to discount benefits implies that programs are always improved by delay."
"A minimax solution is also given for the case in which the probability of failure is not known."
"The framework of analysis employed here may be extended to other systems having similar characteristics of growth and decay."
"We focus on travel cost and store density, the key local characteristics that affect consumer deal demand and merchant deal offering."
"CONCORD (Conference Coordinator) is a computer program based on Cyert and March and Simon's theory of problem solving."
"In our models, agents have heterogeneous belief hierarchies."
"The material presented here is dedicated to those who are engaged in the mathematical modelling of chemical and other complex processes for purposes of management control."
"E(k) represents the average energy level at which the system performs, μ represents the rate at which the system processes energy units."
"This paper tests how collateral value affects a firm’s choice between bank debt and public debt by considering the exogenous variation in the market value of a firm’s real-estate assets caused by fluctuations in local real-estate prices."
"This paper gives a necessary and sufficient condition for the following proposition, in which ⪯ and ⪯i for i = 1,…, n are weak orders on a finite set X. There are real-valued functions f1, f2,…, fn on X such that, for all x and y in X and i in {1,…,n}x⪯iy if and only if fi(x) ≤ fi(y), and x ⪯ y if and only if fl(x) + ⋯ + fn(x) ≤ fl(y) + ⋯ + fn(y)."
"The second model treats a dispatch operation that is supported by an automatic vehicle monitoring system (AVM)."
"An example is included to illustrate the method."
"1976."
"Thus, four single-period models are presented."
"The procurement quantities are determined by solving a dynamic programming problem which minimizes the sum of the expected costs of procurement, carrying inventory, stockouts, and losses from obsolescence."
"Admin."
"The normative solution concepts of game theory try to provide a clear mathematical characterization of what it means to act rationally in a game where all players expect each other to act rationally."
"Recommendations of government decisionmakers for improving the likelihood of successful model development, diffusion, and adoption have been based on these studies."
"Practical applications of this problem abound in the fields of operations management, finance, manpower planning, marketing, etc."
"We also find that the availability of third-party assessment assistance reduces the buyer’s incentive to offer both of its instruments, a scenario that potentially lowers the supplier’s EE investment level."
"We also analyze the equilibrium in incentive plans when the owners can choose between compromise and perfect coordination."
"Our analyses indicate that negative spillovers are more dominant than positive spillovers."
"Senior management are influential across task areas."
"11, November 2007, pp."
"Consequently, a large proportion of blood held for a patient (often higher than 50 percent) is eventually not transfused."
"In addition, a series of optimal integer solutions to a large-scale problem is included with discussion and analysis."
"1965."
"Using stylized models with and without random error, we theoretically prove that human random error makes eliciting the PIA lead to more accurate predictions than eliciting the DF."
"In this paper, motivated by existing and growing evidence on multiple macroeconomic volatilities, we extend the long-run risks model by allowing both a long- and a short-run volatility components in the evolution of economic fundamentals."
"A much smaller group of papers has been devoted to formulation of a systematic approach which a company can use to compare alternative diversification decisions."
"failure"
"These results are robust to various sensitivity tests."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"However, there is little consensus about their findings, and the practicing manager is currently at a loss as to which scheduling rule to use."
"This paper proposes an alternative approach to collective choice, called “filtering,” and compares it with the general optimization approach."
"The results of these simulation studies indicate some general concepts that should be applicable to the management of larger, more realistic, projects."
"These effects are in turn significantly moderated by the type of CRM process outsourced."
"Using the framework and results of Braden and Freimer (1991), the cumulative learning about the underlying demand distribution is captured by two parameters, a scale parameter that reflects the predicted size of the underlying market, and a shape parameter that indicates both the size of the market and the precision with which the underlying distribution is known."
"Such exits may be temporary, although we construct an equilibrium in which there is no benefit to exit and reentry."
"We model this coordination as the operating flexibility to shift production between two manufacturing plants located in different countries."
"Finally, we explore the effect of direct (e.g., tax credit) and indirect (e.g., carbon tax) subsidies on investment levels and carbon emissions."
"We use detailed clickstream data on online word-of-mouth (WOM) to uncover mechanisms underlying its influence on consumer decision making."
"Computational results are given for both direct methods, and comparisons are made to the standard method of resimulation to estimate derivatives."
"However, the types of procedures that make a coordinating contract most advantageous for the requester and provider are not necessarily the same as those that make the patients better off than under FFS."
"Vendor-managed inventory (VMI) is a supply-chain initiative where the supplier is authorized to manage inventories of agreed-upon stock-keeping units at retail locations."
"Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations in 1975 gave select rating agencies increased market power by increasing both barriers to entry and the reliance on ratings for regulations."
"The challenge is to develop tactical planning forecasts at the SKU level."
"This paper treats the following problem."
"A numerical example is presented to demonstrate the process."
"We use an integrated approach that exploits complementarities between controlled laboratory and representative panel data."
"An algorithm is described for estimating arc and path criticalities in stochastic activity networks by combining Monte Carlo simulation with exact analysis conditioned on node release times."
"This paper presents an economic model that makes explicit the trade-off between lower unit costs and longer product development time."
"We find that rival product announcements decrease a firm's financial market value, and that rival filed trademarks increase it."
"Consequently, even though a low-cost customer is more profitable when viewed in isolation, a high-cost customer may be strategically more valuable by discouraging poaching."
"Approximate and/or partial solutions are possible for other cases."
"A network flow method is outlined for solving the linear programming problem of computing the least cost curve for a project composed of many individual jobs, where it is assumed that certain jobs must be finished before others can be started."
"In all other circumstances, new pairs will participate in an indirect exchange."
"The firms make three decisions in the following sequence: choice of technology (technology game), capacity investment (capacity game), and production quantities (production game)."
"The insight for management: If advisers' personal ethical opinions do not match group norms, job dissatisfaction can result."
"The article also shows the range of conditions under which diversification is a meaningful economic activity, even though probability distributions of returns on individual securities have infinite variances."
"The paper will document this cut-based procedure and provide a practical application to a project situation."
"This paper presents a synthesis of both dynamic and linear programming methods applicable to the same kind of model for the case of time discounting."
"To accomplish this objective an experiment was conducted to compare the performance of Theil's Optimal Linear Correction technique for revising quarterly Box-Jenkins and other naive model forecasts of accounting earnings against the unrevised forecasts."
"B-217–B-230 in Figure 3 on page B-228."
"Our model uses input parameters obtained from publicly accessible data sources."
"The study serves to illustrate the use of computer simulation modeling, not as an optimising or forecasting tool, but as an aid to policy making in a crisis."
"The key to servicing this large volume of advertising is likely to be the management sciences which will provide the basis for increased productivity in the advertising industry."
"The general capacity-planning problem treated here is that in which the demand for capacity may be met by ownership, leases of various terms, or spot contracts."
"With this information, we can then determine when to use a forecast, the maximum amount to pay for both a forecast and a forecasting method, and the conditions under which it is worthwhile to attempt to improve the accuracy of a forecasting method."
"The mathematics of this method are quite simple and are easy to apply to electronic computation."
"Renewal processes and some stochastic programming problems in economics."
"Initial requirements specified in hotel franchise agreements—size and quality tier of the hotel—offer a unique empirical setting to test this."
"We also find that firms experiencing decreases in effective tax rates following tax reform experience positive returns."
"Convergence conditions for nonlinear programming algorithms."
"Examples of platforms supplying first-party content include the following: e-commerce sites (e.g., Amazon) provide customer ratings, search engines (e.g., Google) provide search results (website links), social networks (e.g., Facebook) provide network information (friend suggestions), and the like."
"Because mothers remain disproportionately responsible for childcare, the daily requirement for physical presence at work disadvantages them compared with otherwise equivalent men and childless women."
"An analysis of the model is carried out using diffusion approximation techniques."
"A parametric solution for the minimum cost solution at various total program times is also briefly described."
"A bootstrap simulation was used to estimate the error rates of identical controlled experiments conducted in each plant."
"The results suggest that information presentation format influences the decision time and the selection of acquisition and evaluation strategies by influencing the cognitive costs and benefits of the task environment."
"We attribute the effect to increased search friction: travelers’ search intensity increases by 18.3% when market size doubles."
"We consider a retailer that sells a perishable product, making joint pricing and inventory ordering decisions over a finite time horizon of T periods with lost sales."
"From a practical perspective, we test our methods on actual data through a case study, and quantify the impact of our models."
"A Monte Carlo simulation experiment was conducted to compare the effectiveness of the bootstrap method with the method suggested by Lau, Wingender and Lau (1989) to test skewness persistence."
"Innovation in marketing: new perspectives for profit and growth."
"These findings indicate that career-concerned managers are incentivized to follow analyst information, and that managers have a greater tendency to herd on negative stock information, given the greater reputational and litigation risk of holding losing stocks."
"The products are used primarily for business purposes and require time for production after project-specific contracts are awarded."
"A cost ratio and simple decision rule are determined for joint versus individual orders in specified cases."
"Although uninformed traders are subject to the bubble phenomenon, so are symmetrically informed traders."
"The article discusses mechanisms of knowledge management and how those mechanisms affect a unit's ability to create, retain and transfer knowledge."
"We show that, once the issue of encouraging effective collaboration is put center stage, many standard intuitions of the learning race view and alliance portfolio literature are overturned or qualified."
"Theoretical development is provided for the two more sophisticated algorithms—the variable increment (VIA) and the minimum increment comparison (MICA)."
"Data analyses on 50 supplier-manufacturer relationships drawn from three new product development projects show that the type of problem-solving activities being partitioned and their level of interdependency with the rest of the project are important predictors of performance outcomes of the relationship, controlling for contractual differences."
"To assist the management decision processes, a mathematical model is developed which relates the many factors such as company capability, time, market, competition, investment and costs to the expected economic gain over time."
"They should also be helpful to the maintenance manager in his efforts to predict the relative frequencies of the various maintenance actions."
"We also hypothesize that the knowing, access, and cost variables mediate the relationship between physical proximity and information seeking."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1964, $6.75, pp."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"This corroborates the differential implications of human and physical capital for bargaining power, contractual risk, and trust in buyer–supplier relationships."
"The weighted ratings of the five categories together determine use behavior and purchase behavior, after controlling for purchase need, experience with similar sites, and previous purchase on the specific sites."
"Most of ita data is determined by the economic “environment”."
"The average public accounting firm experienced a productivity growth of 9.5% between 1995 and 1999."
"We infer that managers chose to enter these markets to obtain this increase in value."
"failure"
"We began with 13 risk measures based on theoretical grounds, naturally occurring situations, and attitudes."
"692–707] should be of considerable interest to operations research practitioners."
"A general framework for finite state and action POMDP's is presented."
"In this paper, we develop a model of a retail merger under uncertain demand that distinguishes between cost savings from conventional economies of scale and those from statistical economies of scale, and we show that these two sources of cost savings have substantially different impacts on firms’ decisions in a postmerger market."
"Adhocracy coordinates primarily by mutual adjustment among all of its parts, calling especially for the collaboration of its support staff; jobs are specialized, involving extensive training but little formalization, units are small and combine functional and market bases in matrix structures, liaison devices are used extensively, and the structure is decentralized selectively in both the vertical and horizontal dimensions; these structures are found in complex, dynamic environments, and are often associated with highly sophisticated and automated technical systems."
"Specifically, we measure the own- and cross-price elasticities of these services."
"Complexity results, including theoretical analyses on both upper and lower bounds for the performance of the Simplex as well as non-Simplex algorithms for LP.4."
"This paper was accepted by Brian Bushee, accounting."
"However, a compact network representation of the set of possible activities is developed which permits generating just the activity to enter the basis on each iteration without explicitly generating the others."
"The insight for management: Before a firm engages in add-on pricing strategies, it should evaluate the quality of base and add-on products."
"We will introduce a simple and general approach to determine the optimal admission policy."
"These models are used to derive insights on when such reversal would be advisable."
"It also shows that the intuitions developed in a vast social learning literature should be approached with caution when making policy decisions in the presence of misinformation."
"We study the saving behavior of infinitely long-lived agents who face income uncertainty and deterministic interest rates."
"On eBay and in other online marketplaces, such reciprocity in feedback is common."
"Existing approaches to the determination of the parameters for zero-one additive value functions can involve a large amount of work."
"Optimal capacities of production facilities."
"Since we may construct models for a single firm analogous to Leontief macro-economic systems, our results are applicable to a wide variety of situations."
"The seller has private information on the aggregate inventory level and the inventory composition of two product variants."
"This “strong-form competency trap” forces firms into an exploration–exploitation trade-off."
"In contrast, empirical results on the diffusion of M-form structure are more consistent with the external-influence model."
"A functional equation, similar to that formulated for the knapsack problem, is applied to the solution of a problem of resource allocation in critical path scheduling, and to a variety of single-machine sequencing problems with deadlines and loss functions."
"This paper investigates the importance of status in household consumption and credit decisions using data from the Survey of Consumer Finances linked to tract-level data in the American Community Survey."
"We assume that legal enforcement of the supplier’s contractual obligations is not possible."
"Military Command and Control."
"We draw on a five-year longitudinal data set to investigate the influence of performance measurement in the processual dynamics of strategic change, particularly in enacting effective strategic change."
"The insight for management: Congestion affects optimal service times for triage-like diagnoses."
"If both seller types are more efficient, then the buyer uses both forms of information; at the early stages of the interaction, the buyer offers high prices that incentivize trade and quality experimentation, and after gathering enough information, the buyer may advance to offering low prices that partially separate seller types."
"Organizational performance was measured by: input effectiveness—number of internal messages required to solve a problem; processing capacity—average waiting time per message; and agency responsiveness—a client satisfaction index combining waiting time for solution and agency response."
"In recent years increasing need has been felt for a body of systematic theoretical constructs which will discuss the general relationships of the empirical world."
"Scranton, Pennsylvania: International Textbook Company, 1970, 132 pp.,"
"Although the norm in many retail banks is to serve customers on a first-come, first-served basis, some customers try to cut the line, usually by providing an excuse for their urgency."
"This gain is concentrated among individuals who are young or less experienced at the time of relegation."
"Upon receipt of this order, the CW allocates it entirely to the BW's so as to minimize the expected total units short at the BW's."
"The industry peers cut their capital spending, free cash flows, and cash holdings, and increase their leverage and payouts to shareholders."
"We conjecture that these results are tied to the fact that there is a measurable stereotype that females are worse at the task relative to males, although further research is needed in this regard."
"Also considered are a number of measures and techniques for testing the “goodness of fit” of time series generated by computer models to observed historical series."
"The view holds that hierarchical managers perform two roles that create value for firms in perpetuity—an administrative role of enforcing operational routine, and an entrepreneurial role of executing a metaroutine that continually revises operational routine to keep pace with changes in the environment."
"This paper describes experience with application of operations research techniques in planning new roads and social service centers for the Dharampur area in India."
"We conclude by considering some consequences of the external knowledge preference for organizational functioning."
"The reason for telling these two stories is to obtain a critical overview of the profession of operations research, primarily to assess its educational base, not just in colleges and universities, but in the overall program of learning: in meetings, journals and informal discussions."
"For a variety of reasons, predictive power is not always a useful criterion of model validity."
"The problem is to optimally design a transportation system: the term “design” as used here, does not comprehend new networks, but more importantly, the optimization or “pruning” of existing transshipment networks."
"We use the term recourse to denote actions taken after uncertainties have been resolved."
"If no seasonal pattern exists, the errors of the exponentially smoothed models with seasonal components are only slightly greater than those of the constant and linear models."
"Companies such as Zara and World Co. have recently implemented novel product development processes and supply chain architectures enabling them to make more product design and assortment decisions during the selling season, when actual demand information becomes available."
"It shows the dependency of the total cost on the service-request load, the number of hierarchical levels of the organization, and the administrative costs."
"The problem considered is the maximisation of the expected length of time between replacements subject to bounds on the average hazard throughout the remaining part of the replacement cycle whenever the system is not replaced."
"This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"While wealthier, more experienced investors enjoy an informational advantage and, thus, are more likely to invest overseas and experience good portfolio performance, other investors appear to venture abroad for the wrong reasons."
"We propose a behavior model based on cognitive hierarchy theory, in which retailers with different levels of strategic-reasoning capabilities form heterogeneous beliefs about other players’ capabilities when choosing their orders."
"The insight for management: Short-term managerial focus can result in inflated sales claims and poor inventory decisions and in some cases will not generate the anticipated short-term boost in company valuation."
"However, empirical research is sparse concerning the use of information technology (IT) and its effects on the relationship between salespersons and customers."
"The mathematical problem that enables to determine the optimum between the costs of waiting for a ship to arrive and the costs of maintaining the inventory is expressed as the residue of a contour integral."
"We consider the node clustering problem that arises in designing a survivable two-level telecommunication network."
"The insight for management: Modeling may allow for reduced risks in and improved rescue mechanisms for our financial system."
"Planning and freedom."
"To carry out its day-to-day activities an organization will establish an organizational servomechanism."
"A feature of the empirical methodology is the Bayesian imputation of missing data."
"Price indexes for R and D inputs, 1969–1983."
"Many firms try to leverage consumers’ interactions on social platforms as part of their communication strategies."
"We present a comprehensive experimental evaluation of divisor-based biproportional apportionment in an electoral system context."
"Organizacja Zespolow Ludzkich: Wstep do Teorii Organizacjii Kierowania” (Organization of Human Groups: Introduction to the Theory of Organization and Management)."
"We restructure this model as a Boolean system with both conditional and unconditional statements, preserving both the MMB arguments and the Toulmin format."
"Transfer of emergency service deployment models to operating agencies."
"Finally, very recent acquisitions are more likely to respond to appeals that ask them to contribute an amount similar to their most recent donation, but this approach has an adverse effect on donors with a longer history."
"We test whether people are trusting or trustworthy and examine how inferring the intentions of those who trust affects trustworthiness."
"Consistent with findings for the population, female directors are more benevolent and universally concerned but less power oriented than male directors."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"For patients who return to primary care for a follow-up appointment within 30 days of opioid initiation, we ask who should revisit and potentially revise the opioid-based treatment plan: the initial prescriber (provider concordance) or an alternate clinician (provider discordance)?"
"Section 6, using the concept of a trivial constraint, proves concisely the main theorems of linear programming, known as the duality theorem and the existence theorem."
"In other queues, however, this behavior is considered unacceptable and is aggressively banned."
"This result not only identifies an important factor that leads to the optimality of pulsing, but also generalizes the finding obtained by Sasieni (1971)."
"The figures and tables are reprinted correctly below and in the electronic version."
"To estimate the impact of development activities in a more practical time frame, this research develops a two-stage model in which software complexity is a key intermediate variable that links design and development decisions to their downstream effects on software maintenance."
"We calibrate the model and find that the economic magnitude of this incentive-enhancement effect is significant."
"A computational study indicates that the heuristic performs well."
"is the ratio-scaled assessment of an agent's preferences between pairs of alternatives."
"Two general incentive design situations are considered: How should incentives for the company president be designed, so that he or she will be induced to act in the interest of the ownership group or some other controlling syndicate?"
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"We discuss strategies that platforms can use to mitigate the tension between trust building and disintermediation."
"For example, in building evacuation we might use twenty nodes to represent a room at 3 minute intervals over an hour, and use arcs to indicate the feasible passages, over time, among the various rooms."
"1975."
"The consumer's point of view is also studied showing that market surveys are advantageous in terms of consumer surplus, a usual indicator of the consumer's satisfaction."
"Using a new classification scheme, the paper introduces a variety of distance-constrained problems defined in a unified manner."
"More important, we place a “delay buffer” immediately after the unreliable process, which serves to delay the movement of items from the unreliable machine to other processes (or customers) downstream in the production system."
"Law-breaking activities within firms are widespread but difficult to uncover, making whistleblowing by employees desirable."
"All of the various relationship properties hit their nadir in the decline phase."
"We present a disaggregate negative binomial regression procedure for analysis of count data observed for a heterogeneous sample of cross-sections, possibly over some fixed time periods."
"Although we do not discuss batch-size estimation procedures, the empirical results suggest that the explicit asymptotic batch-size approximation, which depends only on a summary measure (which we refer to as the balance point) of the nonnegative-lag autocorrelations, is a reasonable foundation for such procedures."
"For example, when the environment causes a correlation between observed sample sizes (e.g., number of past purchases, projects, observations) and latent underlying parameters (e.g., the likelihood of favorable outcomes), the maximum statistic is a better metric than the mean."
"Communications to the editor—Comment on the fractile approach to linear programming under risk."
"The Theory of Inventory Management."
"We assume that the ratio of the demands is independent of time and that identical scale-economies are offered in the cost of the equipments."
"Our method provides an upper bound on the wealth-equivalent loss compared to the unknown optimal strategy, and it facilitates our understanding of the economic forces at play by building on closed-form expressions for the strategies considered."
"The stock price reaction upon announcement of the takeover is positive and larger for peer firms with higher capital spending and higher free cash flows."
"Our results highlight the importance of contract type as a driver of the value of information sharing and the role of information sharing capability as a source of competitive advantage under supply chain competition."
"This paper examines the development of management sciences in Peru, with particular reference to the introduction and diffusion of operations research in the 1960's."
"Knowledge Recombination Across Technological Boundaries: Scientists vs. Engineers (p. 837)Marc Gruber, Dietmar Harhoff, Karin HoislHow do individual-level characteristics of inventors affect the breadth of their recombination of different technologies to generate radical innovations?"
"We show that the model derives its power from identifying experts who consistently outperform the crowd."
"The conditions for first and second-order dynamic equilibrium are determined, and it is shown that first-order equilibrium provides a useful criterion for financial health."
"The closed-loop Nash, strategy is suggested as a possible solution concept for this problem and it is shown that if the cost functions are quadratic, then the system together with its closed-loop Nash strategies will have the same structure as the well-known Richardson's model of arms race."
"Keynes Meets Markowitz: The Trade-Off Between Familiarity and Diversification (p. 253)Phelim Boyle, Lorenzo Garlappi, Raman Uppal, Tan WangThe famed economist John Maynard Keynes advocated concentration in a few familiar assets."
"Status, Quality, and Attention: What's in a (Missing) Name? ("
"We propose a multiple-stage screening model that controls for maximum as well as average misclassification error which is used to design and/or evaluate screening programs for hypertension."
"We find that both types of learning are significant in p-beauty contest games, but only adaptive learning is significant in the Cournot oligopoly, and only sophisticated learning is significant in the private-value auction."
"This paper characterizes the optimal sorting strategy and describes an efficient procedure for finding the optimal solution for problems of the size generally found in practice."
"The key questions we address are as follows: (a) Should firms adopt designs that facilitate the delivery of more information in their news programmes? ("
"For this model they propose an approximation for long-run average performance measures called the pointwise stationary approximation (PSA), which consists of an appropriate weighted average of the performance measure that would result at each point in time if the system were stationary with the arrival rate that applies at that point in time."
"The paper then explores consistencies and contrasts within and across the three cases to analyze the factors underlying effective shop-floor problem-solving."
"Correlations between valuations of bundles are captured by the covariance matrix."
"Because information-related illiquidity can arise when uncertainty is high, we focus our analysis on evidence that noninformational liquidity affects price informativeness."
"10, August 1965, pp."
"Second, the paper extends well-known planning horizon results to this model using a novel dual-based approach, which also provides additional intuition."
"The use of such plans in the past could have saved resources while resulting in no significant degradation in performance."
"The model derived from the second group closely replicated the first, and in convergence suggested that three value dimensions (control-flexibility, internal-external, and means-ends) underlie conceptualizations of organizational effectiveness."
"In our model and the data, the conditional volatility of investment correlates negatively with the price-dividend ratio and predicts excess stock market returns."
"These findings provide, to our knowledge, a first, affirmative, causal test of person–organization fit theory."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"Based on detailed transaction data of a large German name-your-own-price retailer, we present a model of consumer haggling."
"The quality of personalized results increases monotonically with the length of a user’s history."
"This paper was accepted by Karl Diether, finance."
"The emergence and solution of organizational problems are examined from the framework of the communications system."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2327.This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"These primitives allow us to simulate caller behavior under a variety of personalized priority policies and hence, collect relevant operational performance measures."
"We find that considerations specific to investee firms’ membership in the same industry as their investors do indeed impact voting."
"Z. f. Wahrscheinlichkeitstheorie u. oerw."
"The study sought to identify (1) the subfields which constitute MIS research, (2) the reference disciplines of these subfields, (3) the diffusion of the ideas represented by these subfields to other disciplines, and (4) which of these subfields represent active areas of current MIS research."
"The model introduced here explicitly considers both the short term loss due to disruption and the long term gain in effective capacity associated with the process change."
"Revenue Sharing and Information Leakage in a Supply Chain (p. 556)Guangwen Kong, Sampath Rajagopalan, Hao ZhangHow can supply chain partners share more information to realize improved efficiency with less fear of information leakage?"
"The ability to estimate cost increases due to forgetting would be useful for economic lot size determinations, bidding on repeat orders, estimating the cost of strikes, and so on."
"Furthermore, although one might expect the recruit's role to diminish rapidly as her tacit knowledge diffuses across her new firm, our estimates indicate that her importance is surprisingly persistent over time."
"The results suggest that long-term finance is an important constraint for microfinance entrepreneurs, but that business training is essential to transform financial capital into productive investments."
"For a large set of institutional trades we compare out-of-sample, characteristic-based estimates of price impact to actual price impacts."
"In particular, the paper studies two M/M/s/r queueing models with balking and reneging."
"This paper suggests that if model builders are to rely upon managerial judgments in building models, research should be directed at understanding when managerial judgments will be valid and the types of biases that might be expected."
"We prove that consolidation of all the items is cheaper exactly if there are fair cost allocations (core of the game is not empty), which happens when the portion of the ordering cost common to all items is not too small."
"We investigate the properties of the optimal solution for the problem and develop the concept of candidate subplan."
"From the estimated model, we find that primarily egoistic factors motivate over two-thirds of the donations, but, over the course of the fundraising campaign, both motivations play a symbiotic role: egoistic motivations drive the funding in the early stages of a campaign when the viability of the project is still unclear, whereas altruistic motivations help reach the funding goal in the later stages."
"This issue is examined from behavioral and analytical angles."
"We theorize that referrer-specific browsing modes and referrer-induced news consumption thresholds interact to impact news consumption in referred visits to an online newspaper and that news sharing motivations invoked by the referral source impact sharing behavior in these referred visits."
"This committee therefore concludes that the accountant's education must include significant work in mathematics, statistics, electronic data processing, behavioral science, business core subjects, and accounting."
"In the single-period problem, random capacity does not affect the optimal policy but results in a unimodal, nonconvex cost function."
"In certain applications, time series data are available on numerous parallel observational units which, while not having cause-and-effect relationships between them, are subject to the same external forces (e.g., business cycles)."
"In the discussion, issues for further research are identified."
"Probability and time are integral dimensions of virtually any decision."
"Specifically, we analyze a single-leg reserve management problem in which the buyers' choice behavior is modeled explicitly."
"This paper was accepted by Shiva Rajgopal, accounting."
"The proposed algorithm is based on an approximation by an appropriate Markovian M/M/s/r+M(n) queueing model, where M(n) denotes state-dependent abandonment rates."
"But in certain practical situations two or more objectives are relevant."
"After the influence of the probability distributions was evaluated and explained, management reversed its intended policy decision."
"Uncertainty in risk parameters induces uncertainty in utility and expected utility, and hence uncertainty in choice outcomes."
"We test different versions of the model that vary in the complexity of these two key components and also compare our general framework with popular alternatives such as logistic regression."
"1961."
"This leads to a lower fill rate after inventory reoptimization, likely the result of a lower profit margin under BOPS, which turns away store-only customers and hurts the retailer."
"Assuming all the factual information and all the logistic estimates presented by Mr. Wood (Wood, M. K. 1961."
"From these families we deduce utility-compatible measures of risk."
"These principles are incomparably more difficult to apply in disputes between nations, in which the protagonists are not free agents, but must each answer to a constituency some part of which, at least will criticize his every move."
"We propose four ways that participation might increase a startup's chances of a liquidity event: gaining endorsement of the startup's technology standard, openly developing the startup's technology within the community (but not necessarily gaining endorsement), simply attending physical meetings of the community, and having startup members elected to leadership positions."
"New York City: Harper & Row, Publishers, 1964, $9.75, 566 pp—reviewed by Leopold R. Michel."
"Finally, a structural model relates the constructs to one another as specified by some theory."
"The performance measures of interest are call accuracy and call duration because these are two important factors that influence customer satisfaction and productivity in call center operations."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"This paper was accepted by Anandhi Bharadwaj, information systems."
"On the demand side of the problem, we use the framework of conjoint analysis to structure the preferences of the ordinary and green customers."
"Coupons have been a mainstay of marketing for decades all over the world, but their short- and long-run effects on sales are still not understood fully."
"Organization planning is shown to be concerned largely with interrelating decisions and with providing criteria for decision."
"It is surrounded with emotional issues furthermore, that help to obscure the difference between what we say we are doing (i.e., planning) and what we are doing (?)"
"A network resource allocation example is given that illustrates the benefits of our endogenous bidding mechanism."
"The network must meet a convex annual demand pattern."
"We achieve this by formulating a structural model that uses a Bayesian learning framework to capture how callers’ past waiting times and abandonment/redialing decisions affect their current abandonment and redialing behavior and use our data to impute the callers’ underlying primitives such as their rewards for service, waiting costs, and redialing costs."
"Often the space of events is ordered and an evaluation relative to some baseline distribution is desired."
"They are illustrated by describing the screening step in a study to help determine an overall water management policy for the Netherlands."
"The final part will suggest various possible extensions into other areas."
"Contraction mappings in the theory underlying dynamic programming."
"The measure of behavior utilized is consumption."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2651.This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"The analysis reveals that (a) a buyer could indeed orchestrate a competition among potential suppliers to promote service quality, (b) under identical allocation functions, the existence of a demand-independent service cost gives a distinct advantage to SS-type competitions, in terms of higher service quality for the buyer and higher expected profit for the supplier, (c) the relative advantage of SS versus SA depends on the magnitude of demand-independent versus demand-dependent service costs, (d) in the presence of a demand-independent service cost, a buyer should limit the number of competing suppliers under SA competition but impose no such limits under SS competition, and (e) a buyer can induce suppliers to provide higher service levels by selecting an appropriate allocation function."
"S. Vajda."
"As an approximation, the following linear programming model is suggested: Let an activity be defined as a sequence of the inputs required to satisfy the delivery requirements for a single item over time."
"In particular, knapsack problems emerge in hierarchical planning systems when a first level of decisions need to be further allocated among specific activities which have been previously treated in an aggregate way."
"Models from economics and learning theory are employed both to illustrate the relationship between expenditures on a civil suit and the probability of success and to show how litigation costs should be budgeted and controlled."
"We estimate employer search activity and bias in interview callbacks."
"Thus the difficult two-point boundary value problem which usually arises in control problems is converted into an ordinary second order differential equation, which is readily solved."
"A complete solution to the two-server Markov queue in which arrivals to the second server are the stream of overflows from the first server is given."
"Comparative statics indicate that uncertainty in task types leads to significantly higher staffing cost and less specialized server pools."
"The model assumes that a uniform lot size is manufactured through several operations, with only one set-up at each stage, and that transportation of sub-batches allows an overlap between operations to reduce the manufacturing cycle time."
"The manufacturer does not necessarily benefit from the existence of a backup supplier and, in fact, is typically worse off."
"In particular, a certain class of scheduling problems is formulated using described techniques."
"The first model, assuming continuous inventory units, has Poisson demand requests with the size of each request distributed as an exponential random variable."
"This provides a unified and efficient approach to solve the BSP problem under various distributions and dimensions."
"Exploiting the unique tax policy features within the state apportionment system lends strong support to the interpretation that taxation drives this effect."
"Results indicate that the optimal linear correction technique is superior to not correcting for past forecast error."
"Fuzzy goals and fuzzy constraints can be defined precisely as fuzzy sets in the space of alternatives."
"Combining several programs writtern in this fashion would create a macro-program composed of a hierarchy of subjobs."
"We give an example in which there is do such policy."
"The procedure has a computational complexity of o(N2m+1) comparisons."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2645.This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"We also benchmark the continuous auctions against an iterative form of combinatorial auction—the combinatorial clock auction."
"In equilibrium, internal governance by the BOD and external takeover threats by a large shareholder act as substitutes in imposing managerial control, especially in constraining management's profligacy in awarding equity-based compensation to itself."
"Using a data set of over 8,500 price observations collected over a period of 15 months, we compare pricing behavior at 41 Internet and conventional retail outlets."
"Unexpectedly, agents produce substantially more in the noisy environment than in the baseline despite weaker incentives."
"Both economists and businessmen are interested in knowing whether inventories are higher or lower than firms desire: Economists because it would provide a clue to the structure of business expectations, businessmen because it would give some indication of the future trend of business."
"Since uniattribute functions illustrate the essential risk preference properties of vN-M functions, we emphasize uniattribute results."
"The results of the study, together with user requirements data, have been used to expedite the acquisition of terminals."
"How much are we influenced by an author's identity when evaluating his or her work?"
"The other two groups are more closely related but still different from the above two groups."
"We show that this form of uncertainty makes desirable delaying the initiation of the project beyond the time optimal under the original forecast."
"We examine the impact of the size of the market (n), the degree of competition, the effect of cost parameters, and the variability of the demand process on the prices, inventory levels, and structure of the market."
"Author's comment about routines for quadratic programming given in his article “A Simplified Model for Portfolio Analysis,” (Management Science, January 1963, pp."
"In this study, I use a quasi-experimental setup to examine how Craigslist’s entry into various U.S. geographic markets impacts a key environmental outcome: municipal solid waste (MSW)."
"91:537–546.],"
"Moreover, endowment effects consistently arise for singletons even as the definition of a unit is altered."
"Res.13 443–449.)."
"This paper was accepted by Gérard P. Cachon, stochastic models and simulation."
"The firm must determine an inventory sourcing policy to satisfy random demand over time."
"The model constitutes an extension of other life-of-type models in that both costs which are incurred at a fixed point in time (liquidation losses) and other costs which are a function of time (carrying charges and stock-out costs) are included."
"The set of fundamental objectives also provides the foundation for developing a quantitative model of customer values."
"Our research contributes not only to operations research but also to the practice of healthcare and operations."
"Our analysis shows that regulation that considers an industry’s voluntary adoption level, compared with regulation that ignores it, can more effectively motivate development of a new green technology."
"We show that the evolutionary equilibrium contains a strictly positive proportion of naive bidders."
"This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"It is shown that conditions of positive but decreasing marginal utility must prevail, and the conditions for optimal diversified programs are given."
"In this work we introduce a class of measures for evaluating the quality of financial positions based on their ability to achieve desired financial goals."
"One approximation, extended from Holtzman (Holtzman, J. M. 1982."
"These quantities reflect production cycles revised each time period in response to differences between projected and actual inventory levels and in response to changes in demand rates."
"Each of these four processes is discussed in some depth."
"This article describes the case history of the pilot mechanization of files at the Naval Aviation Supply Office."
"A control structure is proposed in which the center acts as if it is receiving “truthful” information from the division managers."
"These planning horizon results also enable us to develop a computationally highly efficient forward algorithm for the models under consideration."
"Hence, each problem can be solved efficiently."
"Using data from the pharmaceutical industry, we show that competition between potential buyers is related to the timing of licensing."
"This study tests the hypothesis that lean manufacturing improves the social performance of manufacturers in emerging markets."
"This paper presents a modeling framework for evaluating the benefits of coordinating promotion and production decisions over a finite planning horizon within a firm."
"This study has important implications because it shows that in certain situations managers can influence financial analysts’ use of information by varying presentation form."
"The model of this study should be of interest to managers of organizations whose products are renewable natural resources or other organizations who must set production schedules within resource and market constraints in environments characterized by many parameters subject to random variation."
"In this paper, we focus on a special class of structures with limited flexibility, the long-chain design, which was proposed by Jordan and Graves [Jordan WC, Graves SC (1995) Principles on the benefits of manufacturing process flexibility."
"$13.50;—De Jong, Frits J., Dimensional Analysis for Economists."
"When the market demand is low, firms hold excess capacities that would lead to intense price competition."
"The effects of transparency are strongest in industries that rely on external equity rather than bank debt, indicating that transparency facilitates innovation by reducing the information costs associated with arm’s-length financing."
"We find that corporate entrepreneurs are more likely to conduct search in new domains following events that cause them to expect future performance to change significantly and lastingly."
"Correspondingly, our main finding is that drugs licensed in these circumstances (within a year of a P3F event) underperform in subsequent development: they are significantly less likely to reach the market compared with others licensed in normal conditions."
"We illustrate the method by single- and multiple-period problems."
"At the same time, loss aversion dominates contract complexity in explaining the data."
"The comparison is based on expected performance, and the goal is to determine if any system has larger expected performance than the standard, and if so to identify the best of the alternatives."
"We used quantitative genetics techniques to compare the entrepreneurial activity of 870 pairs of monozygotic (MZ) and 857 pairs of same-sex dizygotic (DZ) twins from the United Kingdom."
"At first, the method was applied by hand or with the aid of punched-card equipment."
"We find that entrepreneurs who behave like scientists perform better, are more likely to pivot to a different idea, and are not more likely to drop out than the control group in the early stages of the startup."
"Groups designed a coordinated production strategy during the meeting and then implemented their strategy."
"This paper empirically investigates the impact of winning a quality award on the market value of firms by estimating the mean “abnormal” change in the stock prices of a sample of firms on the date when information about winning a quality award was publicly announced."
"Our model helps explain several experimental and empirical facts from cognitive science, psychology, and the social sciences."
"In other words, although it is well established in the literature that quick response provides value by allowing better matching of supply with demand, it provides more value, often substantially more value, by allowing a retailer to control the negative consequences of strategic consumer behavior."
"The auctioneer pays attention to other bidders only when a recognized bidder exits."
"In fact, the returns price emerges as a more efficient signaling instrument and reverses the direction of wholesale price distortion from what is necessary if wholesale price alone is used to signal."
"Channel stuffing can influence the inventory decision, too."
"Previous research has shown that outsourcing of back-office IS generally has a positive effect on shareholder value of the outsourcing firm."
"This study contributes to the literature on performance evaluation by providing new insights regarding the organizational dynamics of subjective performance evaluation systems when decision rights span hierarchical levels of the organization."
"The insight for management: The cost structure for informational products naturally drives markets to a highly concentrated, single-product outcome."
"We find entrants issue higher ratings than incumbents, particularly for interest-only tranches."
"Both effects are amplified by assignments to plants that have high functional overlap (i.e., plants producing similar products using similar processes and machinery)."
"Academic Press, New York.)"
"Management Sci.23 (1) 104] felt were defects in research design)"
"This paper was accepted by Kamalini Ramdas, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Traditionally, forecasts are designed to minimize an error cost function that is evaluated once, possibly when the event occurs and forecast accuracy can be determined."
"Do they positively amplify/reinforce each other, or negatively dampen/undermine each other?"
"To motivate effort, firms must use some variable remuneration."
"Stock returns unexplained by “fundamentals,” such as cash flow news, are more likely to reverse in the short run than those linked to fundamental news."
"Additional analysis is performed to assess the proxies on nonmortgage credits by leveraging consumer credit bureau data."
"However, general wisdom has traditionally ignored the effect of these practices on supplier incentives."
"To evaluate the effectiveness of the approximation, a computer simulation is developed to estimate and evaluate the best (Q, r) policy."
"The K divisions make decisions regarding the set of capital projects each wants to accept."
"This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BIS) has recently sanctioned expected shortfall (ES) as the market risk measure to be used for banking regulatory purposes, replacing the well-known value at risk (VaR)."
"In recent years considerable attention has been paid by marketing theorists to the role of advertising and other promotional activities within the marketing policy of the firm and to their optimal setting in the combined operation of the various instruments available to such a policy."
"The ordering cost is such that a natural interpretation of it consists in assuming that the order in period i is delivered in trucks with capacity Mi and that the cost of delivery for each truck is a nondecreasing concave function of the amount delivered by that truck."
"To respond to the public's demand for data privacy, a class of clustering-based data masking techniques is increasingly being used for privacy-preserving data sharing and analytics."
"This paper was accepted by Noah Gans, stochastic models and simulation."
"The theories of technological innovation are examined in the context of the formation and growth of biomedical and pharmaceutical firms."
"Further, the relative superiority of simulation training improves at higher levels of task complexity."
"and Derman [Derman, C. 1963."
"may be used to derive the results on adaptive forecasting obtained by Wage and Nerlove [Nerlove, M., S. Wage."
"Prentice-Hall, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey.),"
"They find, however, that additional services start to have a positive marginal effect on the firm's overall profits when services reach a majority of a product firm's sales."
"$19.50;—Wolberg, John R., Prediction Analysis."
"The graph program generates all the circuits from the smallest to the largest cost."
"The manner in which the cost-generating elements of the system were structured for simulation and the procedure for assigning customers to warehouses are both examined in detail."
"We express error bounds of the approximation as a function of some parameters that can be easily estimated in practice."
"Banks must hold an average deposit balance in the Federal Reserve Bank each week."
"Planned replacement."
"Collectively, these findings indicate that exposure to extreme negative events affects the behavior of information intermediaries and the information dissemination process in financial markets."
"The paper outlines the development of CONCORD and describes an experimental study comparing groups using CONCORD with those not using it in solving two problems."
"Competitive intensity and intangible asset intensity influence these results."
"So, an apology is, in fact, an indicator of a healthy and sustainable relationship."
"In this manuscript, we examine whether coupling economic incentives with motivational tools provided by health wearables can address this limitation and drive longer-term changes in health behavior."
"Toward the end of the applied research project, the researcher is faced with a severe time limitation and can often accept no further information even though it might have been extremely pertinent if acquired earlier."
"Quasi–Monte Carlo (QMC) methods are important numerical tools in the pricing and hedging of complex financial instruments."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.2139.This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"the requirements and the production and inventory capacity limits, upon the optimal production levels is studied."
"Extensive computational testing on problem instances from the literature involving up to 120 pieces shows the effectiveness of the proposed approach."
"Analysis of contextual variables is not only interesting per se, but also improves the productivity test for the existence of complementarity."
"Examples include Vendor Managed Inventory with consignment and drop shipping.)"
"The procedure is applied to an experiment in which subjects participated in a realistic role-playing exercise that replicated the purchase of television advertising time."
"Details of the application are presented, including a discussion of the data requirements and assessment procedure used."
"This suggests that the factors themselves are the keys to major improvement."
"An ordinary linear programming problem is formulated as  under the constraints  where A is a matrix with m rows and n columns, x and c are column vectors with n elements, and b is a column vector with n elements."
"If the new technology has a higher rate of incremental improvement, it is adopted faster, and adoption may precede performance parity if the system’s resistance to switching is low."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"failure"
"No significant treatment effects on Performance were found."
"Secondly, the date of obsolescence is no longer required to be fixed but is instead allowed to be described by a probability distribution."
"Customers, whose reservation price distribution changes over time, arrive according to a nonhomogeneous Poisson process."
"Subjects manage a simulated inventory distribution system which contains multiple actors, feedbacks, nonlinearities, and time delays."
"Our results indicate that under certain conditions the level of predictable inspector fallibility significantly impacts the number and placement of inspection stations as well as cost per good unit produced."
"For this problem asymptotically optimal results are given for large budgets."
"Dunod: Paris, 1964, $13.50, 422 pp—reviewed by Jacques R. Fayette."
"We find that, after bank mergers that involve peers’ lenders, firms are more likely to switch banks to avoid sharing the same lenders as a product market peer."
"The understanding of the nature of project risks is critical to the development of government policy."
"The optimization model selects the forms of control which achieve the specified reduction program at least cost."
"However, the significance of this effect disappears once I account for self-selection of entry mode in the empirical estimates."
"In addition, an illustrative analysis examining the magnitude and direction of measurement error bias suggests that measuring knowledge flows with patent citations can lead to substantial underestimation of the effect of public research on firms' innovative performance."
"Implicit understandings develop as channel members learn each other's behavior."
"An objective analysis of the nature of the manpower reduction problem may be made through the use of regression equations."
"The technical characteristics of a procedure to simulate a national distribution system are discussed and compared to linear programming techniques often used in such analyses."
"In the operations realm, this choice is particularly critical when it comes to the procurement function."
"Our algorithm can solve all but one test problem within 10 minutes, appears to be very robust, and for difficult instances compares favorably to the natural formulation solved using a commercial optimization package with default settings."
"Based on the notion that the process of assessing probabilities of technical success for R&D projects is composed of four phases—the perception phase, the evaluation phase, the transformation phase, and the review phase—three types of variables are identified as accounting for individual differences in probability assessments: personal, organizational, and situational variables."
"On the basis of a game-theoretic model that offers a microfoundation for CPs’ competition for advertisements, on the one hand, and CPs’ competition for users, on the other hand, we demonstrate the strategic effects of social logins in the online advertising ecosystem."
"Rather than obtaining a single efficient extreme point as one would normally expect with fixed weights, a cluster of efficient extreme points is typically generated when interval weights are specified."
"That said, attaining such benefits requires boards to incorporate those firms with high IT management capability and to strengthen board activity so interlocked members can substantively share their knowledge and experiences with IT investments."
"In treatments where employers can combine sanctions and rewards, employers rely mainly on rewards, and outcomes closely resemble those of treatments where only rewards are possible."
"The insight for management: There is a natural sorting by individual preference into theoretical and applied sciences and into industry and academia that drives earnings trajectories."
"We point out that: (i) it is desirable to consider a substantially richer set of distributions than the beta in developing PERT-type formulas; (ii) it may be beneficial to use more than three fractile-estimates in PERT-type formulas."
"It tends toward underconfidence as the crowd's diversity increases, i.e., as the variance in the individuals' means increases."
"Oftentimes, close competitors carry partially overlapping assortments in seeming contradiction to the principle of maximum differentiation."
"In relation to the time domain, the simplistic and often unrealistic constraint of a constant carryover effect is relaxed in that current advertising is hypothesized to generate sales both by creating new customers and by interacting with the residual effects of past advertising (goodwill) thus reinforcing preferences of past customers."
"The authors find that firms with reputations for publicizing performance are able to pay less to employees at every level of tenure and thus earn economic profit but that these firms will never be the most productive in the economy."
"Using data from the International Motor Vehicle Program (M.I.T.) study of 70 assembly plants worldwide, the paper examines three dimensions of product variety, at fundamental, peripheral, and intermediate levels."
"Counter-intuitive examples where reducing switchover time can increase WIP are also reported."
"The procedure is controlled by three parameters which affect the tradeoff between solution quality and computation time and whose values are set by the users."
"Our model posits technology adaptation behaviors as a key linking mechanism between IT implementation and employee job outcomes, thus offering a holistic nomological network of technology adaptation behaviors."
"Our findings have both theoretical and practical significance."
"An English translation, prepared by R. W. Campbell and W. H. Marlow, appears under this same title in Management Science Vol."
"We verify predictive performance using transaction data from a large retailer with experimental variation in price discounts."
"We also find that increased automation improves the ratings on clinical quality by 6.9% and decreases admissions of less profitable residents by 14.7% on average."
"Included are descriptions of general algorithms for solving linear programs in integers, as well as some special purpose algorithms for use on highly structured problems."
"We investigate the epistemology of trust in social networks."
"Here, two alternative formulations of the problem are proposed; one because of its practical appeal, the other because of its methodological appeal."
"In this paper, we develop and analyze an optimization model to determine the optimal stocking quantities for components of an assemble-to-order product in an environment where demand is uncertain and the price for the final product and the costs of components depend on their delivery lead times."
"We also consider the possibility of cost asymmetries between the principal and the agent, spillovers across agents, and the misclassification of the principal as an employer even though agents are allocated the relevant control rights."
"In their production process, a sequence of coils of sheet metal needs to be coated with color in consecutive stages."
"The existing literature has considered the effect of turn-and-earn allocation rules when a manufacturer sells a single product."
"4) Total social costs increase dramatically if control is delayed."
"The data contradict any predictions based on a SEU model of decision making behavior under uncertainty."
"Results of computer runs made for this algorithm are given."
"We show that this insight can help us refine the set of possible equilibria."
"We develop a class of online learning-then-earning algorithms that prescribe a ranking to offer each customer, learning from preceding customers’ clickstream data to offer better rankings to subsequent customers."
"To mitigate the threat that terrorists smuggle weapons of mass destruction into the United States through maritime containers, the U.S. Bureau of Customs and Border Protection (CBP) inspects containers upon entry to domestic ports."
"When a direct collection system is used, channel profits are driven by the impact of scale of returns on collection effort, whereas in the indirect reverse channel, supply chain profits are driven by the competitive interaction between the retailers."
"Focusing on a stylized version of this problem, we study a finite horizon multiarmed bandit model with several plays per stage and Bayesian learning."
"We then test these predictions in a human-subjects experiment, which supports many of the normative predictions qualitatively with some deviations: an OEM with relatively equal bargaining power weakly prefers to contract with suppliers simultaneously, whereas an OEM with substantial bargaining power prefers to contract with suppliers sequentially."
"This paper deals with an identical multiprocessor, multiproduct, lot-size scheduling problem under deterministic conditions."
"The key to correcting this flaw is the synthesis of the AHP with the concepts of multiattribute utility theory."
"These series may involve substantial random measurement error, and any changes, often small relative to this error, are difficult to detect promptly and accurately."
"This paper is concerned with the derivation of the type of explicit, well-defined, and comprehensive information that is essential for an accurate appraisal of a risky investment."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"The runway may still be lengthened sometime in the future to accommodate aircraft that require a longer runway than does the Boeing 737, but only if a subsequent analysis shows that the resulting benefits would exceed the costs."
"Customers were randomly assigned to different treatment groups, which received either a charity-linked or a discount-based promotion from a range of monetary amounts."
"In the sample studied, unless these inputs reached the $850,000 to $1,000,000 mark (in 1970–1975 dollars), technological innovation was negatively mediated by the risk associated with the use of firm's products and by the FDA quality control procedures."
"Based on a review of the social network, information processing, and organizational learning literatures, along with the results of a previous qualitative study, we propose a formal model of information seeking in which the probability of seeking information from another person is a function of (1) knowing what that person knows; (2) valuing what that person knows; (3) being able to gain timely access to that person's thinking; and (4) perceiving that seeking information from that person would not be too costly."
"A state-space seasonal time series model and a new seasonal decomposition algorithm, based on the Kalman filter, are introduced."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"The authors examine how capabilities in IT flexibility can enhance the value derived from alliances."
"For example, LINMAP treats ordinal-scaled preference data as such in uncovering individual-level attribute weights, while regression treats these preferences as interval scaled."
"This article is a review of work published in Management Science on the topics of technological innovation, product development, and entrepreneurship since the inception of the journal in 1954."
"Assuming that the work-in-process inventory has a steady state distribution and that there are different costs incurred for carrying in-process, completed and backordered units, we show that the cost minimizing base stock level for each product is a critical fractile of the steady state distribution of the product's total work-in-process inventory."
"Population correlation structure, and in particular the interconstraint component of the correlation structure, is found to be a significant factor influencing the performance of both the algorithm and the heuristic."
"Stanford University Press, Stanford.]"
"We find that customers who have greater transaction demand and higher efficiency, and reside in areas with a greater density of online banking adopters, are faster to adopt online banking after controlling for time, regional, and individual characteristics."
"We adopt the trade-off method and show that it is robust to violations of transitivity."
"The effect is driven by customers’ influence on product development and the reduction in agency costs for prospective customers."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"Building on recent neuroeconomic evidence that valuations are transformed during the choice process, we incorporate the canonical divisive normalization computation into a discrete choice model and characterize how choice behaviour depends on both size and composition of the choice set."
"It has also been used to evaluate specific changes in patrol policy in New York."
"The multinational corporation is a network of activities located in different countries."
"The purpose of this discussion is to suggest some practical extensions of the decision theory model for the design of management information processing systems and to illustrate these ideas through the detailed analysis of an aggregate planning problem."
"Much of traditional auction theory has focused on analyzing single-item auctions in isolation from the market context in which they take place."
"It is common knowledge that the good has zero value to the seller."
"Collectively, these findings support our central thesis: social learning through board interlocks can play a significant role in influencing a firm’s IT investments and enhancing their payoff."
"The agriculture industry plays a critical role in the U.S. economy, and various industry sectors depend on the output of farms."
"This paper is concerned with the manner in which an investigation by simulated experimentation is conducted, after the model has been formulated and the computer program completed."
"The stock market also seems unable to accurately incorporate information about a firm’s innovation search strategy."
"We identify one channel through which management can affect voting outcomes: increasing the turnout of (typically management-friendly) retail shareholders."
"Labor and machine limited production systems."
"Of the charter members, approximately one-third are academic people and about two-thirds represent industry and business."
"The problem reduces to solving a nonconvex mathematical programming problem."
"Finally, we show that the spillover effects that are analyzed in our study are more noticeable when the business relationship between an event firm and other affiliated firms is closer."
"One potential weakness with parallel search is that it permits repetition."
"The Supervisory Inventory on Human Relations (SIHR) was developed by Kirkpatrick and Planty [Kirkpatrick, D. L., E. Planty."
"Affirmative action is often criticized for causing reverse discrimination and lowering the qualifications of those hired under the policy."
"Companies spend hundreds of millions of dollars annually on advertising to build and maintain awareness for their brands in competitive markets."
"Dark pool price improvement predicts the order in the hierarchy: a price improvement closer to (farther from) the midquote positions dark orders below (above) limit orders, which improves (worsens) market quality and welfare."
"In this way, the delivery person would never need to look for parking or walk back to a parking place."
"Finally, a direct analogy between the coupon schedule problem and the microeconomic theory of the firm is used in obtaining the special computational algorithm for this LP problem."
"As a new type of word-of-mouth information, online consumer product review is an emerging market phenomenon that is playing an increasingly important role in consumers' purchase decisions."
"In particular, we show that the monthly propensity to churn increases by 60% (from 1% to 1.6%) among customers whose costs would decrease with the new prices."
"Inventory control research."
"The models were developed to be used with a computerized MIS for market planning and sales forecasting and are validated using actual sales data."
"Exterior trimming decreases the pool's variance and improves its calibration."
"As ideators with past success attempt to again come up with ideas that will excite the organization, they instead end up proposing ideas similar to their ideas that were already implemented (i.e., they generate less diverse ideas)."
"We report on simulations of ΣiGIi/M/1 queues; the arrival process is the superposition (sum) of up to 1024 i.i.d."
"A production plan comprises the sequencing of coils of different geometries and colors, but changes in size or color necessitate time-consuming and costly setup work."
"It is proposed that a linear program provides a useful framework for examining the issues in such an expanded housing system, and an application of this proposed approach is illustrated for a campus of the University of California."
"Our results indicate that providing matching funds for all donations does increase donations from 23% to 33% of the endowment."
"We also observe that the best strategy is to send credit for future usage (as opposed to waiving the charge or sending an apologetic message).This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"Thus, our paper suggests that learning-by-hiring can be useful when hired engineers are used for exploring technologically distant knowledge (rather than for reinforcing existing firm expertise) and also for extending the hiring firm's geographic reach."
"Essential to the success of the work that Dr. Amstutz describes was the emphasis upon both measurement and structure."
"New York: Russell Sage Foundation, 1964, $6.50, pp."
"An advance-purchase discount has two wholesale prices: a discounted price for inventory purchased before the season, and a regular price for replenishments during the selling season."
"A study of the patterns underlying business profits and progress was touched off by loss of market position and profit."
"Product line reaction and anticipation elasticities are asymmetric between themselves and across the firms."
"We collaborate with call centers at two Fortune 50 firms and examine on-job performance metrics to evaluate the effectiveness of simulation training."
"This has two major advantages: it better fits the usual practice and eliminates the sources of numerical problems that heavily affect continuous models."
"Management Sci.28 (2) 113–120 and Kadane, J. B., P. D. Larkey."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1957."
"The higher expected cost of misconduct in firms with prosocial employees is associated with a lower likelihood of misconduct."
"In all cases considered it is shown that the total expected costs of the systems (with or without leadtime) can be expressed in the form"
"From this brief study of sample sizes on comparatively simple inventory models, we find that over the range of conditions examined, the sample sizes required to estimate shortages per period and overages per period tend not to be excessive; that is, sample sizes of less than 100 are usually required to obtain the level of precision specified (a sample estimate within approximately 100 per cent of the true value) at a 95-per-cent confidence level."
"The novelty and value of our model derives from the central insight that some firms invest in downstream cospecialized activities that would incur substantial adjustment costs if R&D efforts are unsuccessful whereas other firms have no such investment."
"This approximation, which has been empirically confirmed as a tight upper bound of the true value, is shown to be very accurate for a range of parameter values corresponding to a reasonably broad spectrum of real systems."
"The optimal maintenance period is seen to shift as the size of the maintenance-repair crew varies."
"We study the impact of social networks on the ability of independent directors to obtain private information from their firms' executives."
"We consider the problem of optimal fleet sizing in a vehicle sharing system."
"In this paper, we study a decentralized assembly system consisting of a single assembler who buys complementary components from independent suppliers under two contracting schemes: push and pull."
"Our framework is highly practical in that it requires no historical data (no fitted customer choice models or forecasting of customer arrival patterns) and can be used to initialize allocation strategies in fast-changing environments."
"Finally, the effectiveness of the fluid-based approximations and optimal-staffing prescriptions is demonstrated via simulations."
"The general results of this study show that managerial behavior in an oligopoly exhibits varying strength of agressive competition producing the usual business cycle, and further that competitors will act to “stabilize” the industry by self-regulation of speculative activities."
"Moreover, the new model extends the work of these authors to enable the scheduling of overtime and the scheduling of rest breaks."
"San Francisco: Wadsworth Publishing Co., Inc. 1960, 705 pp."
"Building on the seminal work of Thomas J. Allen, we contribute to the emerging microlevel theory of knowledge recombination by examining how individual-level characteristics of inventors affect the breadth of their technological recombinations."
"The quality of these rosters is of utmost importance."
"In the SANS [O'Brien, G. G., H. S. Sherwood, R. E. Trueman."
"Erratum to “Decision-Making at the Top” by Jack R. Borsting, Management Sci.28 (4, April) (1982) 341–351."
"We offer two ways to implement the approach: an integer-programming set-covering model and a heuristic procedure."
"Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2688.This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"In addition, our analysis suggests that significant gains can be made from using a composite driver rather than selecting a driver based on the consumption pattern for the largest resource only, especially when combined with correlation-based rules to group resources."
"These Bayesian methods can be viewed as disciplined skepticism and provide a method for avoiding this postdecision disappointment."
"The model leads to a simple decision rule that considers three key factors: (1) the probability that the incoming alarm is serious (the greater the probability the more units dispatched); (2) the expected alarm rate in the area surrounding the alarm (the greater the alarm rate, the fewer units dispatched); and (3) the number of units available in the area surrounding the alarm (the more units available, the more units dispatched)."
"A conceptual model, which places flexibility within a broad context, helps to identify certain assumptions of theoretical studies which need to be challenged."
"The models presented in this paper grew out of an attempt to apply the theory of teams of Marschak and Radner to the organization of the sales force in a typical wholesale bakery."
"A program leading to a Ph.D. degree should be directed to those primarily interested in a teaching and research career in University, or a research career in business or government Training at the master's level should emphasize applications of the techniques associated with management science."
"In an effort to develop solution methodologies for these two planning problems, several linearization methods are examined and applied to data from an existing FMS."
"The random joint order policy model is especially suitable for computer controlled inventory systems."
"Management2 314–330.])."
"Researchers in all academic disciplines benefit from an understanding of the intellectual development of their field."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"Studying Dell's IdeaStorm community, serial ideators are found to be more likely than singular ideators to generate an idea that the organization finds valuable enough to implement, but they are unlikely to repeat their early success once their ideas are implemented."
"Two types of repair are possible: preventive and corrective, where the latter is supposed to be more time consuming than the first."
"The main thrust of this paper is to investigate the first-strike stability implications of the deployment of strategic defenses by the United States and Russia."
"Connors, M. M., C. Coray, C. J. Cuccaro, W. K. Green, D. W. Low, H. M. Markowitz."
"The distinguishing feature of commonality, i.e., the presence of dedicated components to be assembled with a common component, is shown to be mathematically inconsequential in the sense that the unified commonality problem for two products can be reduced to an equivalent substitution flexibility problem without those dedicated components."
"Implications of the findings for research at the intersection of marketing and finance are discussed."
"Control is exercised on the parameters of a Markov chain model for a graded manpower system, and the effects on the structure of the system are examined."
"For a realistic data set in the hospitality industry, our approach improves the root mean square errors between predicted and observed purchases computed under independent demand model estimates by 67% to 93%.This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"The product is sold competitively to households, and labor supplied by the households is employed in the industry through competitive bidding of the competitors."
"We provide a model of investment in new ventures that demonstrates why some places, times, and industries should be associated with a greater degree of experimentation by investors."
"The noncooperative component of a biform game models the strategic moves."
"Hence, our estimation strategy relies on weather shocks at upstream production facilities to create exogenous variation in downstream dealership inventory."
"We test this restriction in an experiment using the delayed compensation method, a new extension of the standard method of eliciting intertemporal preferences that allows for assessment of time preference for nonmonetary and discrete outcomes, as well as for both cross-modal and unimodal comparisons."
"We also show how other criteria with respect to the amount of work completed on each job prior to its due date or the amount of work scheduled in each of a sequence of periods can be optimized by similar path augmenting techniques."
"These results support the view that academic human capital is heterogeneous and has an institutional specificity that mediates its value when applied in a commercialization environment."
"Accordingly, we develop and empirically estimate an individual SOHO-level  initial- and repeat-purchase logit model that captures the procurement patterns for successive generations of technological products, namely the PC category."
"On the other hand, the expected rate of opportunistic (joint) replacement of the rocket engines and the guidance and control system is relatively unaffected by changes in the engine failure rate."
"The methods exhibited some similarities bui also marked differences in their behavior."
"After Hershey and Schoemaker (Hershey, J. C., P. J. H. Schoemaker."
"Using the news-based measure of Baker et al. ["
"It compares favorably with alternative asset pricing models in pricing both sets of equity portfolios."
"In line with our theoretical model, we find that prosocial (proself)-orientated subjects exert more (less) effort in team contests in the primed prosocial organizational values condition, relative to the neutrally primed baseline condition."
"Using a large sample of S&P 1500 firms that allowed directors to defer their cash fees into equity between 1999 and 2009, we find significant associations between equity deferral choices and specific features of the director compensation plans, proxies for directors’ outside wealth diversification, and future firm stock market performance."
"We address these questions in the context of two-echelon supply chains with a single supplier servicing a network of (competing) retailers, considering the following general model: Retailers face random demands, the distribution of which may depend only on its own retail price (noncompeting retailers) or on its own price as well as those of the other retailers (competing retailers), according to general stochastic demand functions."
"In contrast, for firms with specialized complementary assets, increases in patent effectiveness increase patenting propensity but reduce the propensity to license."
"We find that initial public offerings (IPOs) with high expected skewness experience significantly greater first-day returns."
"We find that increases in the effectiveness of patent protection increases licensing propensity, but only when the firm lacks specialized complementary assets required to commercialize new technologies."
"failure"
"If he decides to test, then having obtained the additional information he can again either take the action or continue looking."
"Mathematical methods in economics."
"Often there is the complicating factor that some of the variables are required to be integral."
"Past losses on repurchases have a significant and negative impact on the CEO’s future bonus and increase the likelihood that future CEO termination is involuntary."
"Performance measures of project mean completion time, project mean lateness, project standard deviation of lateness, and total tardiness (sum of all projects' tardy time) were collected for evaluation."
"Linguistics research shows that languages differ as to how they differentiate future from present events."
"We discuss possible implications for modelling and eliciting preferences."
"This paper focuses on the implications of a bargaining rule that calls for one party to make the first and final offer, the other to accept or reject it."
"In our model of horizontal competition between an informed and an uninformed firm with a common upstream supplier, material and information flows intersect through leakage of demand (order) information to unintended recipients."
"However, the authors find that a large fraction of participants are reluctant to tell a Pareto white lie, demonstrating a pure lie aversion independent of any social preferences for outcomes."
"New York: The Macmillan Company, 1970, 235 pp.,"
"Probabilistic models are used to derive formulae for estimating travel times to calls requiring only one officer (Type 1) and to calls requiring two officers (Type 2) for each of the two dispatch models."
"New York: National Association of Accountants, 1967, 193 pp.,"
"In many services, the quality or value provided by the service increases with the time the service provider spends with the customer."
"Existing approaches, however, are inherently static."
"Finally, the generality of the results is considered and implications for behavioral theories of aggregate social and economic dynamics are explored."
"We conclude by elaborating the underlying customer dynamics driving our findings and by offering implications for how online-first retailers might deploy omnichannel tactics."
"These findings illustrate the important role that the internal capital markets of banks have on real outcomes."
"On optimal replacement rules when changes of state are Markovian."
"We propose a new specification for the coefficient of variation, which decreases with distance."
"We study queue abandonment from a hospital emergency department."
"To facilitate the decisionmaker's evaluation with respect to the hidden attributes, the presentation of alternatives should include values of the decision variables as well as quantified criteria."
"The general conclusion of our examination of the work of the Messrs. Kuehn and Hamburger [Kuehn, A. A., M. J. Hamburger."
"We introduce, in addition to the familiar real option of abandonment, the option of corrective action that management can take during the project."
"In this paper, we develop a parsimonious model of organ donation to analyze the welfare consequences of introducing the donor-priority rule, which grants registered organ donors priority in receiving organs should they need transplants in the future."
"Our model allows deviations on both sides of the estimated frontier to reflect the impact of both production inefficiencies and random effects such as measurement errors."
"While there are numerous examples of the application of each approach to empirical data, this paper provides insights into the relative strengths of the estimation methods by applying both models to the same data."
"Although the study is focused on the automobile industry, it should be regarded as part of a much-needed wider perspective on hazard management applying to other technologies and industries as well."
"We study a multilocation newsvendor model with a retailer owning multiple retail stores, each of which is operated by a manager who decides the order quantity for filling random customer demand of a product."
"Several operating characteristics are then computed and the sensitivity of these operating characteristics to changes in the rocket engine failure rate is exhibited."
"In the previous paper Professor Malizia develops two tests (“correspondedness” and “correctness”) and uses them for comparing two sets of indicators."
"Financial Markets and Economic Activity; Cowles Monograph 21."
"In this paper we propose that the real valued objective function be replaced by preference relations."
"The results, which pertain to 54 firms in the aerospace, electronics, chemical, and oil industries, should be of use to managers, because the formulation of proper manpower policies clearly depends on the precision of such forecasts."
"Additional first order crossed networks and their operators are given."
"This paper examines the problem when uncertainty of demand is a major factor, making any differences between the penalties of over- and under-production important."
"Prior field research is silent on the effect of PFP on goals, the focus of this paper."
"I show that network position is crucial for productivity by facilitating access to nonredundant knowledge."
"One implication of this is that learning by doing and learning by observing are complementary strategic activities, not substitutes—in most cases, we should expect firm strategies to seek performance enhancement using efforts of both types."
"Simulations are performed to examine the impact of each of these organizational arrangements for organizations with hierarchical levels ranging from 3 to 11 levels."
"Product architecture and organizational communication play significant roles in complex product development efforts."
"Third, the relationship between sequential tests can have an impact on optimal testing strategies."
"By contrast, proxy contests that aim at changing capital structure and governance do not lead to higher firm values."
"This article is divided into four parts."
"For N servers, the approximation routine consists of a simple iterative procedure in N nonlinear equations."
"A crude oil tanker scheduling problem faced by a major oil company is presented and solved using an elastic set partitioning model."
"failure"
"We propose a new heuristic which adaptively rounds the solution of the linear programming relaxation."
"The approach is demonstrated in the context of a simple example, including a study of the sensitivity of the results to the assessed correlations."
"A major argument for favoring simple lot-sizing heuristics—like the Silver/Meal or Groff's heuristic—to solve instances of the dynamic single-level uncapacitated lot-sizing problem (SLLSP) instead of exact algorithms—like those of Wagner/Whitin or Federgruen/Tzur—is that exact algorithms applied in a rolling horizon environment are heuristics too and may be outperformed by simple heuristics."
"These characteristics render it unclear whether online reputation will have similar effects as in online retailing, where finished and standardized products are sold for consumption."
"This problem is closely related to the Dantzig-Wolfe decomposition technique used in large-scale convex programming."
"The expectation of each gamble is zero, i.e., the gambles are fair."
"The properties of the decision rules based on discounted present value and internal rate of return are studied for the class of projects described by a finite sequence of cash flows."
"The techniques presented in this work bridge the gap between the rigorous theoretical work on submodular optimization and simple, scalable heuristics that are useful in certain domains."
"An explicit utility formulation, incorporating both risk and time preference and based on some results in the axiomatic theory of choice under uncertainty, is developed."
"In doing so, we develop a new solution approach for a class of dynamic mechanism design problems."
"The problem is to find a schedule of capacity expansion in each region and a schedule of shipment between the two regions, such that the total cost over the time horizon is minimized."
"Our results thus have ramifications for merchants as well as policy makers."
"We measure the level of compensation using the GC’s presence or absence in the top five officers of the firm by compensation."
"To apply the model to the Aerospace division of a company, a “calibration” of that organization was required."
"However, when customers' willingness to pay and willingness to “wait and see” vary, such claims can influence some consumers' behaviors; however, on net, the total effective demand is not impacted."
"failure"
"Prospect theory helps explain why lottery tickets are popular despite their negative expected payout—so little to lose, so much to gain; however, this skewed payout does not apply to casinos, where payouts are not so highly skewed."
"We evaluate the effect of introducing a gender quota in an environment where high-performing women fail to enter competitions they can win."
"Customers of the same portfolio are always served by an agent of the corresponding team."
"We find that there are many circumstances in which it is prudent to own fulfillment capabilities and inventory."
"Reluctance to hedge identity-relevant outcomes produced two anomalies in decision making, risk seeking and dominance violations."
"In practice, because it is very difficult to measure quality, this ceteris paribus proviso often precludes convincing empirical assessments of the magnitude of status effects."
"failure"
"Homewood, Ill.: Richard D. Irwin, Inc., 1961, 533 pp.,"
"The loss of effectiveness was also more pronounced for ads with a smaller presence on the webpage and for ads that did not have additional interactive, video, or audio features."
"We present examples that reveal two interesting phenomena: (1) A retailer may hope that, compared to stocking out, realized demand will be strictly less than the stock level, even though stocking out would signal a stochastically larger demand distribution, and (2) it can be optimal to drop a product after a period of successful sales."
"While frequently encountered in practice, this “conflicting-objectives puzzle” is surprising because one expects that centralized coordination by the owners of the firm towards profit maximization would lead to higher profits."
"A research strategy for partial knowledge useful in the selection of executives."
"People tend to evaluate options relative to a benchmark rather than according to a final wealth position."
"Using data on 5.5 million new firms, we find greater enforceability is associated with fewer WSOs, but relative to non-WSOs, WSOs that are created tend to start and stay larger, are founded by higher-earners, and are more likely to survive their initial years."
"We also find that WOM can lead to a cannibalization effect: when ratings are published, the highly rated doctors reap the benefits (in the form of increased demand) at the expense of unrated doctors."
"Innovators generate ideas but are inefficient at implementing them into productive capital on their own."
"We also find that the system under herding performs very close to the first-best outcome in terms of cumulative system time."
"As such, the study of the critical literature dealing with the nature and function of mythology becomes central to the design of MMIS."
"We present and analyze results of data gathered over a two year period from more than 300 engineers and scientists employed at five major U.S. corporations (Xerox, Hewlett-Packard, Monsanto, Exxon, and G. D. Searle)."
"Assuming heterogeneity in the cost of donating only, we find the introduction of the donor-priority rule leads to improved social welfare."
"In addition, however, the simulations suggest differential effects on prices and expenditures for various types of services and on expenditures by different types of consumers."
"A functional equation is developed in which there is temporal resolution of uncertainty with respect to both military and civilian incomes."
"Although multiple consumer segments can be identified, results suggest that people overall tend to prefer vice-virtue bundles with small  (14) to medium  (12) proportions of vice rather than large  (34) proportions of vice."
"Our algorithmic approach is based on a new externality adjustment paradigm that exactly captures the externality of adding an item to a given assortment on the remaining set of items, thereby allowing us to linearize a nonlinear, nonsubmodular, and nonmonotone revenue function and to design an iterative algorithm that iteratively builds up a provably good assortment."
"The final value of a commodity, in fact, is often analyzed by observing the amounts of labor and capital services that are added to it at each of these stages by the firm which owns it at each stage."
"This note considers a method due to Carroll for replacing a constrained minimization problem by a sequence of unconstrained problems."
"This paper emphasizes the message routing problem in data networks, but it includes a broader literature overview of convex multicommodity flow problems."
"A model for measuring the economic benefits of irrigation system development over a depleting aquifer is presented, along with related methodology for detailed long-range farm planning."
"Conjoint analysis is already widely used to measure preferences for different product profiles, and build market simulation models."
"Expressions are obtained for the equilibrium distribution of the queue length, the expected queue length and other characteristics which measure the effectiveness of the control doctrine."
"A large-scale incentivized experiment with subjects randomly drawn from the Danish population is conducted."
"The only motive for holding inventory at the central warehouse for allocation in future periods is the so-called risk pooling motive."
"The author finds support for the niche hypothesis using book data from Amazon.com and BN.com."
"Similarly forecasts can be made using algorithms for the univariate model."
"The allowed safety stock level reduction and accompanying reduction in average on-shelf inventory level are evaluated, for prescribed system performance requirements, as a function of mean leadtime reduction."
"The insight is that the discontinuities can be QMC friendly (i.e., aligned with the coordinate axes) or not, depending on the PGM."
"This paper presents a model of a bottleneck facility that performs two distinct types of operations: “regular” and “rework.”"
"The designers of decision support systems lack theoretically based principles for designing graphical interfaces."
"Why do theory and practice differ?"
"Many theories address how information technology (IT) affects the number of suppliers and supply chain governance."
"In general, planning did not lead to greater researcher satisfaction, but it did lead to greater productivity for the researcher."
"Our empirical results support the internal-influence model in this sector with additional evidence for generalizability provided through a multisector sample of joint venture formation."
"Except for details and bias of various authors towards a particular brand of proof, this problem has been solved the same way by many authors."
"Strategic, as opposed to tactical, actions or actions which require substantial implementation efforts reduce the number and delay the timing of rivals' counteractions."
"A note on economic lot-sizes for multipurpose equipment."
"Numerical results are presented using actual data from Fiscal Year 1970 for nonrated officers who entered the Air Force through ROTC."
"Finally, we analyze some special theoretical cases that enable us to characterize the optimal point of product differentiation and derive managerial insights."
"We propose a model in which investors cannot costlessly process information from asset prices."
"Scoring rules typically studied in the literature and used in practice do not take account of any ordering of events, and they evaluate probabilities relative to a default baseline distribution."
"These are: (1) the high level of capital outlays (in absolute terms); (2) the growth in the size of business firms; (3) the delegation of responsibility for initiating recommendations from top management to the profit center, which has been part of the general movement toward decentralization; and (4) the growing use of “scientific management” in the operations of the business firm."
"This result is interesting because immediate fulfillment may accelerate the diffusion process and thereby result in a greater loss of customers in the future."
"Across consequential attributions of attitudes, ability, emotions, and morality, people make correspondent inferences."
"The necessary and sufficient conditions under which the decision rules lead to unique solutions are derived."
"On the other hand, when consumers cannot assess product quality, a high-quality manufacturer is motivated to offer a better base warranty to signal its quality."
"Supporting our meta-argument for the importance of examining each tail of the distribution separately, experience diversity helps trim poor outcomes significantly more than it helps create breakthroughs, relative to the effect of external networks."
"This paper was accepted by Peter Wakker, decision analysis."
"Although IT experience is valued more than non-IT experience for IT professionals, firms value IT experience at other firms much more than they value firm-specific IT experience."
"However, implicit understandings can be used as a partial substitute for more formal agreements."
"Using an illustration drawn from the area of inventory control, this paper demonstrates how a typical sequential probabilistic model may be formulated in terms of (a) an initial decision rule and (b) a Markov process, and then optimized by means of linear programming."
"We also find that firms with strong labor unions withhold good news during the labor negotiation period and release it in a gradual fashion afterward and that this pattern is more prominent than that of firms with weak or no unions, implying that managers time news disclosures according to bargaining schedules to achieve better outcomes in labor negotiations."
"A number of retail establishments now use scientific sampling methods to perform the first step in the estimation of the allowance for doubtful accounts."
"This paper proposes a novel supervised learning technique for forecasting: scaled principal component analysis (sPCA)."
"The most serious shortcoming in the models, however, is the relatively arbitrary fashion in which the models have been constructed and the failure of the model builders to recognize the impact of certain structural considerations on resulting project scores."
"Despite its apparent vulnerability to external influences, Switzerland has been able to maintain a remarkable degree of stability throughout the political and economic difficulties of the 1970’s and 1980’s."
"Besides this straight version of the Shifting Bottleneck Procedure, we have also implemented a version that applies the procedure to the nodes of a partial search tree."
"They find that states that restrict the scope of noncompete agreements experience an increase in the local supply of venture capital."
"Diffusion processes and optimal advertising policy."
"Better industry-university cooperation is called for to encourage engineers to undertake advanced degrees, to assess actual future needs and to advise students to select appropriate engineering disciplines."
"The illustrative problems presented are highly interdependent."
"Such experiments are vulnerable to confounding by process noise, caused by process variability."
"Our findings demonstrate that the overall system performance improves as the individual facilities become more unbalanced in the number of allocated servers."
"This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"Using a sample of firms with IPOs between 2001 and 2010, we find that almost 60% provide early guidance and that only one-third of the firms that do not provide guidance during the first year subsequently decide to guide."
"We provide direct evidence that curtailments are an important factor contributing to the lower persistence of losses."
"The possibility of measuring does not necessarily lead to the presentation of relevant information for decision-making in business."
"In three experiments we show that the endowment effect—the tendency to demand more money for relinquishing owned goods than one is willing to pay for the same goods—fails to emerge when sellers are not fully depleted of their endowment."
"The pattern is also apparent among sell recommendations."
"We will show that this restriction has been self-imposed and that existing models can be modified to represent a wide range of nonpyramidal structures."
"T. C. Koopmans, ed."
"These results compare quite favorably with the errors incurred in traditional methods when a correctly specified distribution uses estimated parameters."
"Evacuation decisions must be made on the basis of imperfect information, in the form of forecasts."
"The apparent stationary level in our data leads us to develop versions of the new model for series with stationary levels."
"Therefore, the results developed herein provide the first economic foundation for using ES as a globally dominating regulatory risk measure, currently employed in Basel III/IV."
"In terms of price response specifically, we find that although aggregate market-level curves can be nearly linear or log-linear, individuals often deviate widely from either."
"Finally, the T-period model is specialized to derive a steady-state formulation of an infinite horizon media planning problem."
"The study also includes an investigation of the impacts of Beam Search parameters on three variations of Beam Search for this problem."
"We show that ignoring dependence or parameter uncertainty can lead to assuming an unrealistically narrow predictive distribution."
"This paper was accepted by Karl Diether, finance."
"This paper investigates the role of time in forecast information sharing and decision making under uncertainty."
"New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1967, $9.95, 398 pp—reviewed by David S. Miller;—Cook, Earnshaw, Percentage Baseball."
"The buyer's forecasting behavior is characterized by the frequency and magnitude of forecast revisions it requests (forecast volatility) as well as by the fraction of orders that were forecasted but never actually purchased (forecast inflation)."
"When the service times are exponential or deterministic, the estimator simplifies and the approximation procedure becomes exact."
"We investigate the performance of empirical criteria for comparing and selecting quantitative models from among a candidate set."
"Because of this “level debt” restriction, the inter-relationships between coupon schedule and maturity schedule appear to underwriters as being very complex."
"Further, a revenue maximizer may—relative to the social planner—have too few or too many high-priority customers."
"A dynamic programming algorithm for joint replenishment under general order cost functions."
"There are certain pairs of jobs which must not be in progress at the same time."
"Contract Complexity and Performance Under Asymmetric Demand Information: An Experimental Evaluation (p. 689)Basak Kalkanci, Kay-Yut Chen, Feryal ErhunWhy are simple contracts that result in theoretically predicted suboptimal outcomes often preferred in practice?"
"Electronic health record (EHR) systems allow physicians to automate the process of entering patient data relative to manual entry in traditional paper-based records."
"The process of testing a sample of a patient's blood against units of blood from inventory to ensure compatibility is called crossmatching."
"This paper was accepted by Jesper Sørensen, organizations."
"In this paper the combined problem is formulated as a single-integer programming model."
"The descriptive mathematical model and the optimization model which determines the most efficient controls are intended to improve decision-making in public health management of tuberculosis."
"In modeling market response, highly visible international differences in purchase behavior seem to lead to an assumption by management scientists that there are large parallel international differences in market response to such things as price and advertising."
"The incentive to do this is strongly affected by the complexity of the news product and the intensity of competition between news providers."
"The models are then tested for differences in their means, autoregressive parameters, and residual variances employing Bayesian arguments."
"Management Sci.11 (4) B-69–B-87."
"The average dollar change in the market value in 1991 dollars is $−119.3 million."
"As a result, credit spreads depend asymptotically only on the firms’ own cash flow risk."
"Three unique insights emerge."
"Utilizing the optimal dual solution of the lot selection phase, we provide a joint cost allocation mechanism based on the concept of propensity to contribute and show that this allocation is also stable."
"Overall, our research suggests that decision makers are considerably deficient in utilizing personal knowledge and values to form objectives for the decisions they face."
"The technique of perturbation analysis has recently been introduced as an efficient way to compute parameter sensitivities for discrete event systems."
"The problems of management of tuberculosis in developing nations are studied utilizing the tools of systems analysis."
"First, we find that both accommodating line-sitting and selling priority can bring in extra revenue for the service provider, although by different means—selling priority increases revenue mainly by allowing the service provider to practice price discrimination that extracts more customer surplus, whereas line-sitting does so through demand expansion, attracting customers who would not otherwise join."
"The quality characteristic is an attribute so that an np-chart control scheme is applied."
"A retailer’s assortment decision results from a process of give-and-take, during which the retailer may bid manufacturers against one another, and the terms of trade offer plenty of flexibility for allocating the profit among the retailer and manufacturers."
"We address the problem of cycles and chains in proposed matches failing after the matching algorithm has committed to them."
"Perceptions of fair prices—elicited in the experiment—are a powerful driver of behavior."
"In particular, we identify four classes of explanations for the small firm effect—preference sorting, ability sorting, opportunity cost, and the possibility that workers in small firms develop entrepreneurial human capital—and examine the empirical evidence for each."
"This paper demonstrates that the ability of fund managers to create value depends on market liquidity conditions, which in turn introduces a liquidity risk exposure (beta) for skilled managers."
"A procedure is presented which meets this specification."
"Part I of the paper describes the basic model and discusses various intuitive interpretations for the latter."
"For U.S. investors, the international bond diversification with exchange risk hedging offers a superior risk-return trade-off than the international stock diversification, with or without hedging."
"It is stressed that both constant and variable parameter procedures exist among LRE's."
"Computational experience is reported, showing that the approach optimally solves the most difficult problems reported in the literature."
"Players reported learning many kinds of things from their experience, but learning derived more from interpersonal interactions with other players and with outside groups like boards of directors than from interaction with the game model itself."
"Several methods for displaying information from a multiobjective analysis in terms of both the objectives and decisions are presented and discussed."
"In a repeat business context, past experiences with a service provider affect customers' decisions to renew their contract."
"Inevitably, the social planner will have to confront equity issues because better performance may not reflect greater effort or greater ability."
"failure"
"A fruitful area to which to apply cost risk assessment techniques is the air-frame production cost during the proposal stage of an aircraft."
"This paper illustrates how individual forecasts and forecasting techniques may be evaluated by the use of established decision theory."
"It was only recently that it was recognized that research and development could indeed be managed at all, and now we are realizing that management must organize differently along the R&D continuum."
"In this paper a mixed integer programming model is proposed that searches for an optimal set of cutting patterns, each giving a combination of articles to be cut in one operation, and corresponding stack heights."
"This paper uses a quasi-experiment of a 2009 payment disclosure policy in Massachusetts to estimate the causal impact of public disclosure on prescribing."
"On the other hand, if the firms face a fixed cost of entry to the market, then the performance of uniform subsidies can be significantly worse, suggesting the need for an alternative policy in this setup."
"The solution algorithm is based on the out-of-kilter minimum cost network flow algorithm and is programmed for use in a time-share, conversational mode."
"New results are reported reflecting the important relationship between process change and knowledge."
"We demonstrate the efficacy of our algorithms on both synthetic instances generated for the online matching with stochastic rewards problem under unknown probabilities and a publicly available hotel data set."
"Considering all such trade-offs, the supplier has to determine (i) when to stop obtaining new demand information and build capacity, (ii) whether to offer a screening contract to credibly elicit private forecast information or to determine the capacity level without information sharing, (iii) how much capacity to build, and (iv) how to design the overall mechanism so that both firms benefit from this mechanism."
"We examine the relationship between entrants’ characteristics and the mechanisms exploited to access the industry knowledge, and the impact of the mechanisms exploited on firm performance."
"These remarks are intended to outline a forecast of the future of management and management science, namely that through scientific research management is going to become increasingly automatic."
"Two special procedures are compared in Monte Carlo analyses with a simpler data filtering and control-chart approach; the latter appears the most promising."
"In particular, a shortage of one product can lead retailers and consumers to move toward other products in the line."
"Green product development, which addresses environmental issues through product design and innovation as opposed to the traditional end-of-pipe-control approach, is receiving significant attention from customers, industries, and governments around the world."
"Our procedure reduced the average second engine and second ladder response times to serious fires by 25 to 45 seconds, while keeping total workload essentially unchanged."
"The panel sample of our randomized control trial includes 116 Italian startups and 16 data points over a period of about one year."
"This class of models provides a useful managerial framework for studying product development because it enables formal performance analysis, and it points to data that should be collected by organizations seeking to improve development cycle times."
"Suppose some data, represented by a vector x, can be obtained."
"We also examine how the proximity to a brand’s city of origin, the assortment share of a store’s private label, the extent of retail competition, and the demographics of the store’s neighborhood affect the purchase share’s sensitivity to the point-of-sale marketing mix, revealing several subtle effects."
"In the final section of the paper, we relate corporate values to the emerging organizational ecosphere, emphasizing that cybernetic information technology creates new possibilities effectively to implement appropriate redefinitions of traditional management values."
"The problem is made tractable by supposing that checking is so frequent that it can be described by a continuous density n(t) of checks per unit time."
"A separate analysis using data that include measures of cognitive ability suggests that a natural decline in both fluid and crystallized intelligence in old age contributes to falling financial literacy scores."
"However, the existence of time compression economies and market power benefits are the exceptions to this subordination and trade off process."
"Engrg."
"These problems are discussed for three cases:1."
"This paper was accepted by Shivaram Rajgopal, accounting."
"This note questions the authors' claim for optimality in designing cusum charts using the heuristic pattern search method."
"Finally, we find that more aggressive regulation (a higher probability of enforcing a stricter standard for a given voluntary adoption level) encourages more firms to adopt a green technology once the technology becomes available but may discourage a firm from developing it in the first place when facing intense competition."
"A reappraisal of previously suggested strategies for betting on football games using results of the period 1975–1981 casts considerable doubt on the profitability of relying on the past history of games for guidance in placing bets."
"In this paper we study a model that minimizes the sum of production, employment smoothing, and inventory costs subject to a schedule of known demand requirements over a finite time horizon."
"Other results are derived under the assumption that price changes have a normal or Gaussian distribution."
"First, retailers’ orders increase as the number of retailers decreases or the supplier’s production capacity shrinks."
"This paper was accepted by Hamid Nazerzadeh, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"Firms that exhibit a higher level of software intensity generate more patents per R&D dollar, and their investment in R&D is more highly valued by equity markets."
"They find that these errors contain information; regression analysis of the errors has sizable predictive ability on future returns."
"In contrast to the common concern about the upward common-methods bias in estimates using cross-sectional survey data, we find that ordinary-least-squares substantially underestimates the causal effect, suggesting that the downward bias resulting from measurement errors and/or omitted variables is dominant."
"Further analyses identify conditions under which the stock market rewards maintaining or suspending an endorser."
"To manage this short-termism, some bonus pay is deferred."
"We estimate the magnitude of unused capacity cost as a percentage of sales to be about 4.8%, which for Compustat manufacturing firms in 2011 amounts to $142 billion (by comparison, the well-researched topic of research and development expenses totals to $223 billion)."
"Given that one plans to build the plant, the optimum level of safeguards is achieved when the cost of further risk reduction exceeds the benefit from lower risk."
"The analysis is illustrated by forecasts of unemployment of males, aged 14–19, one, four, and fifteen months ahead."
"Overall, our findings suggest that the adoption of more structured management practices constitutes an important source of value creation in mergers and acquisitions."
"We examine these issues in the context of the Olympic Games, comparing country-level performance outcomes across Olympic sports."
"This has the managerial significance that, irrespective of the individual manager's specific trade-offs between the criteria, the number of possibly optimal schedules that need to be considered is relatively small."
"Vice-virtue bundles are item aggregates with varying proportions of both vice and virtue, holding overall quantity constant."
"In their recent survey of location models, ReVelle et al. ["
"Our results suggest that peer support is a corrupting factor in the financial sector’s governance."
"We consider default by firms that are part of a single clearing mechanism."
"Further, firms with relatively more intangible assets, where monitoring costs are likely to be higher, are smaller."
"In particular, we find that, contrary to the conventional war of attrition where an increase in benefits for the follower generally delays the first move, an increase in the rate of learning—which tends to benefit the follower—can hasten the first investment."
"Industries that are priced differently from either the world or domestic markets represent incremental opportunities for international diversification."
"Comments about the letter from Professor Leff (Management Sci.,"
"Management Sci."
"This result complements the findings of Modigliani and Hohn and provides insight into the nature of the optimal policy for stochastic planning problems."
"J. R. Statist."
"This paper deals with the application of dynamic programming to systems whose duration is uncertain, and which duration may or may not be a function of the decisionmaker's policy."
"Due to the size of the problem and computational constraints, the usefulness of this technique is improved by incorporating the Generalized Upper Bound algorithm of Dantzig and Van Slyke [Dantzig, G. B., R. M. Van Slyke."
"Their proposals are bound to initiate a process of self-analysis and re-appraisal of the current methodical foundations of managerial policies."
"Previous models of altruism that focus on the overall impact of a gift cannot rationalize this behavior, despite its prevalence."
"It analyzes the effects of two types of uncertainty which influence the cash flows of the potential investment projects."
"This study explores the importance of instantaneous and future shop loads in setting due-dates in shops operating under due-date dependent queue discipline."
"Which axiom holds in cooperative behavior situations?"
"We obtain remarkably consistent results when using alternate empirical design, samples, and measures of news."
"We further analyze a resource allocation problem associated with the R&D model."
"Our research identifies two different types of deterrence strategies—the barrier-erecting strategy and the market-grabbing strategy."
"This paper addresses the problem of simultaneously determining a production sequence and production volumes of style goods."
"Such problems are NP-complete, and experience has shown that only small examples can be solved to optimality."
"This study is related to optimum control strategies used by a manager supervising a group of independent activities whose performances deteriorate with time."
"Data thus locally supports variation in a subspace of a lower dimension rather than in the input output space of full dimension."
"Instead of solving the original multicommodity problem, we transform it so that a pair of single-commodity network flow problems can be solved."
"Relative to matching firms, future targets are smaller, they have higher stock liquidity, higher institutional and activist ownership, lower leverage and market valuation, and higher investments."
"Finally, we find the subpopulation that invests in initiating the trust-building process modifies its trusting behavior based on the relative fitness of trust."
"In the last decade, interest in the “wisdom of crowds” effect has gained momentum in both organizational research and corporate practice."
"An application of the technique involving the evaluation of a consumer product's performance in various market areas is discussed."
"This study investigates when forced sales of real estate turn into fire sales by using a natural experiment that allows us to separate supply and demand effects: Forced sales result from sudden death of house owners and are thus unrelated to current market conditions."
"Once the device is known to be in die impaired state, appropriate action may be taken to prolong its remaining life."
"Using a hypothetical two-disease dynamic transmission model, we explore several different decision rules with respect to vaccination policy for eradicable diseases."
"A maximizing decision is defined as a point in the space of alternatives at which the membership function of a fuzzy decision attains its maximum value."
"Although the strategy of buying online and picking up in a store is primarily designed to attract online shoppers into stores, our findings show that after the competitor’s launch, both online and store sales at the focal department store chain are negatively affected."
"Nine invisible colleges, or informal clusters of research were uncovered."
"An important feature of information from different sources is the possibility of stochastic dependence, and a consensus model which formally allows for such dependence is developed in this paper."
"One of the most important management sciences of tomorrow could well be the science that joins management science and management."
"The conclusions indicate principles for strategic research, some of which have relevance for the development of mathematical models."
"A basic premise of this paper is that customers adapt their patience (modeled by an abandonment-time distribution) to their service expectations, in particular to their anticipated waiting time."
"This paper explores these postulates, presents the LRB, and summarizes the empirical study that led to this concept."
"It shows analytically that (i) the steady state value of the perturbation analysis estimate of this sensitivity is unbiased, and (ii) a perturbation analysis algorithm implemented on a single sample path of the system gives asymptotically unbiased and strongly consistent estimates of this sensitivity. ("
"I have earlier commented on the need for practicality in management science education."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"Productivity measures are viewed as ratios of output to input, in real terms."
"To our knowledge, this is the first head-to-head comparison of traditional U.S. product development processes with QFD.Our data suggest that QFD enhances communication levels within the core team (marketing, engineering, manufacturing)."
"1977."
"Rather than dealing with detailed issues, I would like to take an overall look at the approach suggested by Connors et al."
"There are many approaches to modeling individual decisions, but real-world implementations of many of these models face the formidable stumbling block of simply identifying the “right” model of choice to use."
"An inventory control model in which the state of the system is reviewed only at discrete, equally spaced time intervals is studied."
"Finally, we estimate that Craigslist's entry leads to $5.0 billion (year 2000 dollars) in savings to classified-ad buyers during 2000–2007.This paper was accepted by Sandra Slaughter, information systems."
"The theoretical asymptotic properties of these estimators were determined in Glynn and Heidelberger (1989a, b)."
"For a given quality level, as a function of consumer visit costs, first quality information is disclosed, then price information and then horizontal product information are added to the advertising mix."
"Also, no finite time horizon is placed upon the planning process."
"A sufficient condition for SAP to hold is also given, which relaxes the hypothesizing assumptions on the service-time distribution and interstation buffer capacities."
"The effectiveness and efficiency of the two models are tested through an extensive simulation experiment."
"We present an exact branch-and-bound algorithm to solve the share-of-choice problem."
"We demonstrate the weakness of such approaches in online settings where a majority of auctions are multiunit in nature."
"However, it is demonstrated that in many cases there exist no prices which will lead divisions to make independent decisions that are optimal from the point of view of the company (or the economy) as a whole."
"We use a unique data set of past experience, successes, and pairwise interactions between members of production teams of 1,123 movies and employ dynamic panel data estimation methods."
"Some of this variation appears to be due to product differentiation—different OTAs specialize by systematically offering different trade-offs between ticket price and ticket quality (minimizing the number of connections, matching requested departure and return time)."
"But the managerial implications of such freemium content offerings are not well understood."
"1967."
"The inadequacy of such models is attributed, in part, to the fact that accidents are signals of future trouble."
"Doctoral dissertation, The Institute of Paper Chemistry, Appleton, Wisc.]."
"Feasible production plans are partitioned into sets on the basis of production differences from period to period—those with production increases in all N periods, those with a decrease only in the final period, etc."
"We give examples to illustrate how several important types of SEU violations may seem to arise when suspicion is present."
"Using splines, hold-out prediction improvement over the standard heterogeneous probit model ranges from 6% to 14% in the scanner applications and exceeds 20% in the conjoint study."
"Technical Report 1, Program in Operations Research, Stanford University, Stanford, California, April 29.]"
"The construction of a probabilistic model is a key step in most decision and risk analyses."
"This study compared the relationships between organizational context and the designs of environmental scanning systems for organizational with effective and ineffective scanning systems."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1958, pp."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1967, $9.95, 228 pp—reviewed by David P. Rutenberg;—Bössmann, Eva, Die ökonomische Analyse von Kommunikationsbeziehungen in Organisation."
"The two attitude structures are considered from the perspective of possible refinements to future work in IS."
"We demonstrate how the approach can be used to obtain insights to problems in discrete choice modeling."
"Accordingly, we would welcome hearing from any individual interested in, and willing to read such foreign language journals, and who would submit a brief review or abstract of all articles that would be of interest to Management Science readers."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"Ithaca, New York: Cornell University, Graduate School of Business and Public Administration."
"A framework is presented for classifying and describing various auctions and bidding models based on the types of assumptions made for the models' various parameters."
"A numerical study exhibits the performance of these heuristics and bounds for problems of moderate size."
"This effect occurs for both probabilities above and below 50%, for hypothetical scenarios and real events, and when presenting the others’ forecasts simultaneously or sequentially."
"Because there are no real-life test problems for combinatorial spectrum auctions with the XOR-of-OR language, we used these test problems to observe the computational behavior of our algorithm."
"samples of both the covariates and the response variable."
"The insight for management: Advances in quasi–Monte Carlo methods can reduce variance in pricing options."
"One advantage of having a complete solution to the problem is that it is possible to determine turnpike horizon points."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Consistent with this theory, we find that firms that have offshore IT captive centers have 8% less of their onshore IT workforce involved in tradable occupations; those without offshore captive centers have increased the proportion of onshore employment in these same occupations by 3%."
"We investigate whether and how the process through which assistance is provided can foster trust and trustworthiness, and thus facilitate better cooperation."
"The authors show that for any given level of expected returns, the optimal portfolio depends on two quantities: relative ambiguity across assets and the standard deviation of the expected return estimate for each asset."
"Stanford University Press, Stanford, Cal.;"
"Regret theory allows for violations of transitivity, and it may seem paradoxical to quantitatively measure an intransitive theory."
"Using results in control theory, the optimal controls are determined for the case the rate of production is linear in the scale variable, the growth of capacity is linear in the rate of purchase of new capacity and the attrition of capacity is linear in the amount of capacity."
"In this model, the original consumption forecast may be disrupted at some random future time by an event called a “surprise.”"
"Computational results are presented and the algorithm is compared with prior analytical methods of line balancing."
"We identify networks of volatility spillovers and examine time-varying spillover intensities with daily implied volatilities of U.S. Treasury bonds, global stock indices, and commodities."
"We investigate learning in a multiproduct facility drawing on exceptionally rich data for a manufacturing firm that is a leading producer of high-technology hardware components."
"paperback $2.25;—Parzen, Emanuel, Time Series Analysis Papers."
"We consider PBR for both mean-variance and mean-conditional value-at-risk (CVaR) problems."
"Planning and Control of Research and Development."
"This problem is considered both in the sequential and in the nonsequential cases."
"Using new books released simultaneously in e-book and print formats in March and June 2010 as the control group, we find that delaying e-book availability results in a 43.8% decrease in e-book sales but no increase in print book sales on Amazon.com or among other online or offline retailers."
"renewal processes and there is a single exponential server."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, marketing."
"For buyers, fair prices correlate with price responsiveness, which varies systematically across treatments and impacts sellers’ pricing incentives."
"It is well known that inventory pooling can greatly reduce inventory costs in a centralized distribution system because it helps reduce aggregate demand uncertainty."
"Our results suggest that human presence is key to mitigating dishonest behavior and that self-selection into communication channels can be used to screen for dishonest people."
"One way of guarding against this danger is to ensure that the early (and therefore irreversible) steps in the investment sequence keep open as many options of “good” schemes as possible."
"This rather surprising result reveals the importance of lower partial risk models in portfolio analysis."
"This difference measures the quality of the best known heuristic solution in percentages above the best lower bound."
"We then propose a novel framework for selecting a data-driven policy from a given policy class."
"We experimentally assess the accuracy of people’s predictions of others’ risky choices."
"We find that managers are more likely to choose to deliver a full set of proxy materials when there are contentious items on the ballot for which they need additional voting support; and, indeed, the resulting support increases the likelihood that voting outcomes will align with management recommendations."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"The paper develops a model for combining point forecasts into a predictive distribution for a variable of interest."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"This technique has the advantage of being able to investigate problems with a large number of state variables and can also be extended to multiproduct, multifacility operations with complex interconnections."
"Finally, we characterize the relation between the factors and the investment opportunity set."
"It is argued that these are not justified in many (if not most) cases and hence lead to major deficiencies in the resulting systems."
"Cost per good unit accepted by the customer is used as the optimizing criterion."
"By reviewing these six models, I hope to establish three things."
"The Machine Bureaucracy coordinates primarily by the imposition of work standards from the technostructure; jobs are highly specialized and formalized, units functional and very large (at the operating level), power centralized vertically at the strategic apex with limited horizontal decentralization to the technostructure; this structure tends to be found in simple, stable environments, and is often associated with older, larger organizations, sometimes externally controlled, and mass production technical systems."
"The objective is to specify the plan for facility locations and relocations and for attendant allocations of demands which minimize these costs."
"It is shown that only one of these separable forms, the “negative multiplicative form,” possesses this new type of risk aversion and in particular that the additive form does not."
"Three sets of participants—program advocates, independent review panel, and system integrators—interacted in a series of solutions, defenses, and re-solutions of the model which permitted professional judgment and expert opinion to be solicited and incorporated in a systematic fashion."
"plus work paper, paperback $4.75;—Mothes, J., Previsions et Decisions Statistique dans l'Enterprise."
"We formulate the problem of learning such policies from observed trajectories of the stochastic system as a sample average approximation (SAA) problem."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2970.This paper was accepted by Gad Allon, operations management."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"This paper presents an algorithm for yielding an improved initial dual solution of the transportation problem when the network flow algorithm of Ford and Fulkerson is used. ("
"Our model explicitly incorporates the impact of demand uncertainty, and thus allows us to analyze the implications of uncertainty on the optimal price path, by contrasting the stochastic policy with the corresponding deterministic policy."
"Despite the segment's ostensibly growing dependence and influence on the information technology (IT) industry, still very little is known about the dynamics between SOHO and IT products."
"Ten changes in performance attributed to JIT implementation are also assessed and examined in the study."
"Management Sci.7(1) 1–20] based their recent method to follow straightforward from the well-known Kuhn-Tucker conditions and to propose a method for handling degeneracy in quadratic programming."
"This function connecting inbound material with outbound finished goods at a given production facility is described by the privilege of mill-in-transit granted by the material haulers."
"This concept can be generalized to express the value of the state to some other individual."
"Lastly, we find some evidence that participants’ resource constraints (potentially affecting unfairness concerns) can impact outcomes under the plan."
"Hence, frequent adjustments to the system knowledge by a human expert become necessary."
"Here, analytical expressions are derived for the exact distribution, and their performance is compared with some known approximation."
"In contrast, we show that when an incumbent supplier faces competition from other suppliers to supply the downstream firms, it may want to create inefficiencies."
"All of the abovementioned concepts are characterized in terms of mean variance indifference curve properties and in terms of absolute risk measures."
"Products that exhibited the strongest relationship between unit cost and measures of production experience were subject to specific initiatives, particularly process R…D. The R…D was not, however, generally motivated or informed, by production experience."
"and has been an important concept in the design of sparse flexible processes."
"Problem “C,” while appearing still to have a somewhat special structure, is in fact equivalent to the general linear programming problem."
"This suggests that superstitious belief still affects economic activities."
"The bias reduction is achieved by continuing the simulation until the first regeneration after time t and then forming the ratio estimate which involves the random number of regenerative cycles observed during the simulation."
"However, there is not much evidence to gauge the importance of the rejections of the CAPM in a practical decision-making context."
"The authors find that established firms tend to choose an investment timing and capacity level to maximize expected profits, whereas start-ups focus on maximizing the probability of survival."
"We show that in many cases the magnitude of the variance reduction is such that the relative errors of the estimates remain bounded as the failure rates of components tend to zero."
"Results for the stationary infinite horizon case are also included."
"1987."
"A nonparametric statistical test is used to analyze the experimental data."
"Compared to other AI methods for problem solving such as expert systems, neural network approaches are especially useful for their ability to learn adaptively from observations."
"Oper."
"The universality/specificity issue remains a dilemma."
"A deterministic multi-period production and inventory model that has concave production costs and piecewise concave [Zangwill, W. I. 1965."
"A cumulative measure of the total advertising effect is suggested and quantified."
"Hence, fundamental values are better reflected in market prices—implying higher market efficiency—when some traders know more than others about future dividends."
"Our approach has the advantage that it aligns the incentives of both parties to the benefit of bus riders."
"The authors assess predictive accuracy in an out-of-sample task and completion time for both methods."
"Finally, the paper provides some examples of both symmetrical learning, where both channel members learn at the same speed and asymmetrical learning where channel members learn at different speeds."
"The provision mandated that brokers verify their clients’ order flow for compliance with credit and capital thresholds before routing to market centers."
"Finally, we apply the results for sinusoidal arrival rate functions to treat general periodic arrival rate functions using Fourier series."
"Stock recommendations on Mad Money constitute attention shocks to a large audience of individual traders."
"Based on the “dual pathway to creativity” theory, which identifies the depth and breadth of exploration of one’s knowledge base as cognitive pathways to the generation of novel ideas, we argue that the number (and type) of features included in the prototype in combination with the design goal, that is, generating ideas for functional versus aesthetic product improvements, determines whether the positive effects outweigh the negative effects."
"Pay–performance sensitivity is a common proxy for the strength of incentives."
"Thus, this paper shows that the optimality of (s, S) policies extends well beyond the traditional sales environments studied so far in the inventory literature."
"In particular, we prove that combining data across problems can outperform decoupling, even when there is no a priori structure linking the problems and data are drawn independently."
"Analysis for marketing decisions often involves the consideration of several alternative statistical models."
"This involves referral between operational goals and nonoperational goals (values) and norms."
"Internet commerce has the potential to offer customers a better deal compared to purchases by conventional methods in many situations."
"Compared with a setting in which principals are uninformed, agents exert substantially higher effort under a fixed wage contract when they are aware that an informed principal chose this contract."
"The fundamental advantage of filtering is that it increases the likelihood of collective agreement on specific plans, while minimizing the strategic use of misinformation."
"This paper extends Lawler and Bell's method so that it can be generally applied to integer quadratic programs."
"438."
"This paper presents a new algorithm for such a regression problem."
"Fraud signals are classified based on the degree to which they reveal an increasing probability of fraud."
"This paper deals with the problem of formulating a long-run competitive marketing strategy for a new product introduced into a market with classic growth, seasonal, and merchandising characteristics."
"We study the effect that internal information systems have on a firm’s leverage and corporate governance choices."
"The values of this measure are considered to be distributed according to a performance density."
"Proof of convergence to a Kuhn-Tucker Point, and statement of the rate of convergence when the strict second order sufficiency conditions hold are given."
"Therefore, to raise its revenue from trading, a for-profit exchange optimally charges a high fee for price information so that only a fraction of speculators buy this information."
"However, in practice, processing times can often be controlled by the choice of lot sizes which thus have a major impact on makespan, waiting times, flow times and other measures."
"We examine whether the recognition versus disclosure of identical accounting information affects the credit rating process and ultimately corporate credit ratings."
"The authors suggest that “economics of selection” procedures help a manager facing a sequential sampling problem in which sampling is used to infer the unknown performance of several alternatives before one is selected as best."
"is a request often made in a bank or grocery line, followed by “I am in a huge hurry and will only take a second.”"
"This problem is NP-hard."
"Production cost estimates within one percent of the estimates from a large simulation model were obtained with a small fraction of the simulation model's computing time."
"We develop and implement a new measure of information asymmetry among traders."
"Based on patterns of use and nonuse, recommendations are made to enhance the long-term impact of future modeling projects."
"operations."
"Different coil geometries and changes of colors necessitate time-consuming setup work."
"Examples in both normal and Bernoulli frameworks lead to some surprising general insights regarding the impact of the dependence on the posterior distribution."
"Greater segregation, measured by the number of disjoint segments in each platform, reduces consumer valuation for content, but interestingly, it intensifies firm competition."
"A test for nonoptimal actions in undiscounted Markov decision chains is proposed."
"We consider the problem of minimizing the holding costs under a fill rate constraint."
"Negative prices raise another possibility: rather than storing surpluses, a merchant might buy negatively priced electricity surpluses and dispose of them, e.g., using load banks."
"Our results suggest that non-GAAP EPS is higher in quality for investors when disclosed in both the annual earnings announcement and the proxy statement."
"In this paper, we study the effect of invention disclosure through patent publication on the market for ideas."
"Experience with the algorithm suggests that this convergence is very rapid."
"Cultivated donors generate much more revenue than new donors, but also lapse with time, making it important to steadily draw in new cultivations."
"3) A firm might want to reduce its own assets in the smaller segment in order to entice its competitor to shift focus to this segment."
"The broad interest in this effort, the limitations of time and resources for conducting the program, and the complex engineering constraints imposed by the logistics system justify the development of an effective method of making optimum selection of experiments according to the most meaningful criteria."
"Some remarks on analysis and decision-making at the top government levels are given."
"This paper was accepted by Jerome Detemple, finance."
"First, there is no theory for adoption and diffusion processes."
"The results of our experiment show that private incentives for contributors can reduce the effectiveness of the norm enforcement mechanism: Free riders are punished less harshly in the treatment with incentives, and as a consequence, average contributions to the public good are no higher than without incentives."
"We build on that foundation in applying general systems theory to management."
"This paper was accepted by Manel Baucells, behavioral economics and decision analysis."
"A discussion of the use of the ADVISOR models both for marketing decision making and for marketing researchers and model builders is included."
"If these expectations prove to be reliable indicators of subsequent success or failure, it would enable system developers to diagnose likely problems and to take corrective action at an early project stage."
"We consider the problem of minimizing staffing costs in an inbound call center, while maintaining an acceptable level of service in multiple time periods."
"—Editorial by Martin K. Starr—Letter to the Editor—Free For All by Robert E. Machol, University of Illinois—Letter to the Editor—Free For All by George F. Lenz—Notes on Business and Science by Benjamin Bryton, Chairman, Metropolitan New York Chapter, TIMS"
"Scranton, Pennsylvania: International Textbook Company, 1970, 475 pp.,"
"For problems solved in this study, differences between solution costs and lower bounds average less than 1%.Experiments are performed to evaluate the heuristic technique and to compare cyclical schedules with noncyclical ones."
"Imprecise Data Sets as a Source of Ambiguity: A Model and Experimental Evidence (p. 188)Ayala Arad, Gabrielle GayerSuppose you have to undergo some medical treatment."
"The results suggested that responses are influenced by the characteristics of the actions that evoked them."
"and to carry forward the general program of that paper; namely, to study the prediction of those types of non-stationary and non-deterministic series1 which can be reduced to stationary series by a finite linear transformation."
"I show that recent investments in client/server (C/S) networking applications have competing effects on the likelihood of Internet adoption."
"$11;—Weston, J. Fred and Donald H. Woods (eds.),"
"The DARE method is a rational, orderly procedure that minimizes the number of decisions required of the decisionmaker."
"The method makes use of an efficient implementation of the k-shortest path algorithm, that allows the identification of a controlled set of feasible paths for each call."
"This modeling approach should be useful in all public sector programs characterized by multiple objective and hierarchical decisionmaking."
"In the first stage, events are taken into subjective probability judgments, and the second stage takes probability judgments into decision weights."
"The chosen definition of forestry returns makes the model very useful, for example, when speculating on what speed of physical growth is needed to make forestry a competitive investment alternative when both returns and risks are considered."
"Under Bertrand competition a manufacturer may be worse off by receiving information, which is never the case under Cournot competition."
"The results indicate that the model was able to predict the vendor selections of the purchasing agent-subjects with a high degree of accuracy."
"We compare the performance of the CMH with the commercial code, Optimization System Library (OSL), on three families of test problems."
"It is particularly appropriate for nonlinear networks, since it preserves the network structure of the constraints."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"When the seller-induced learning completely resolves the consumers' valuation uncertainty, it can facilitate a more sophisticated price discrimination scheme and may give rise to a relatively more efficient allocation."
"The caterer problem."
"university and government R&D lab) research on industrial R&D, the role that public research plays in industrial R&D, and the pathways through which that effect is exercised."
"We show that the structure of the optimal pricing policies in this case is consistent with the procedures observed in practice; retail stores successively discount the product during the season and promote a liquidation sale at the end of the planning horizon."
"However, there is no long-run increase in the mean spot price, and speculative storage generally attenuates financialization’s effect on spot price volatility."
"My predecessors, the three former presidents of The Institute of Management Sciences, have already established something of a tradition for the TIMS presidential address."
"We show that short-selling attacks on a bank involve two runs: the aggressive run among speculators and the conservative run among creditors."
"The insight for management: Hype sells (there is a potential role of media in generating short-term mispricing), but be quick in order to beat the crowd."
"Third, internal performance evaluation across USCG Programs or across Port Units (called Marine Safety Offices) can be based on their respective Level I MOEs."
"In this concluding article to the Management Science special issue on “Managing Knowledge in Organizations: Creating, Retaining, and Transferring Knowledge,” we provide an integrative framework for organizing the literature on knowledge management."
"This paper considers a multiserver queueing system with impatient customers, where the customers arrive according to a Poisson process and the service requirements have a general distribution."
"Exponential Smoothing, Moving Average, and Least Squares forecasting models were tested by simulating their operation on seven years of actual data for various sewing machine product groups."
"Using a sample of retail banking customers observed over a 30-month period at a large U.S. bank, we test whether changes in service consumption, cost to serve, and customer profitability are associated with the adoption of online banking."
"In this paper we use some of the results of another paper on a related problem [Jewell, W. S. 1962."
"This paper investigates the effect of warranty execution on the expected warranty reserves of a linear pro rata rebate plan."
"We apply these indexes in analyses of university research commercialization and find that, although federal research funding pushes campuses to create inventions that are more destabilizing, deeper commercial ties lead them to produce technologies that consolidate the status quo."
"The signaling effect disappears for a set of prescreened proposals that receive more scrutiny than a typical submission, suggesting that status signals are more important when attention is scarce (or search costs high)."
"In those situations, the site can learn the profile of a user as the user traverses the site."
"A field study of 182 work groups in a Fortune 500 telecommunications firm operationalizes structural diversity as member differences in geographic locations, functional assignments, reporting managers, and business units, as indicated by corporate database records."
"In Hoffman, A. J., Walter Jacobs."
"The procedures developed here can be used to construct trade-off curves among selected performance measures."
"We consider the optimal allocation of a resource in a single-facility production environment in the presence of capacity-based economies and diseconomies of scope."
"1976."
"It was assumed that items belonging to a group have a fixed common ordering cycle."
"Individual dyadic contracts involving payment schedules between members of a simple 3 level channel are investigated with particular reference to monitoring problems and intrachannel power relations."
"This paper was accepted by Teck Ho, judgment and decision making."
"New Plant Venture Performance Differences Among Incumbent, Diversifying, and Entrepreneurial Firms: The Impact of Industry Learning Intensity (p. 549)Natarajan BalasubramanianWhich start-up environment is more conducive to firm productivity: existing firms, spinoffs of existing firms, or entrepreneurial entrants?"
"In this paper we consider a firm that must make a production decision and a capital decision at periodic intervals of time."
"Most of the studies are conducted under the assumption of linear purchasing cost."
"To account for this bias, we developed three heuristic models of preferences for proxy attributes: the best guess, worst case, and relative importance models."
"This paper shows that an important link between investor sentiment and firm overvaluation is optimistic earnings expectations, and that management earnings guidance helps resolve sentiment-driven overvaluation."
"The results illustrate why mutual fund fees slowly decline in the aggregate despite competition from lower-cost alternatives."
"Finally, the study provides partial support for the hypothesis that management policies, in both operations and human resource areas, can facilitate the absorption of higher levels of product variety, i.e. that “lean production” plants are capable of handling higher levels of product variety with less adverse effect on total labor productivity than traditional “mass production” plants."
"There is also some evidence of a stronger effect of founders' educational background on open science in an institutional environment in which open science has yet to become the industry norm."
"The parameters I, T, X(T) and K(T) are taken to be random variables."
"It also provides perspective for thinking about whether, and to what extent, changes may occur in broader settings."
"These are, of course, only long-run phenomena."
"A “cutting plane” a**λ′ ≧ 1 is then defined which excludes the local optimum, and many lower values (but no higher values) of (1).The form of the square matrix C is immaterial."
"Overall, results are more consistent with bounded rationality than with other candidate explanations."
"This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"The suppliers are drawn from several vendors who participate in a bidding competition."
"failure"
"Potential users of such methodologies are typically governmental organizations and agencies to whom Congress allocates funding periodically, but may also include many nonprofit organizations."
"However, inducing high team familiarity by keeping team membership intact can limit workers’ opportunities to acquire useful knowledge and alternative practices from exposure to a broader set of partners."
"Unlike previous work in the area, this paper considers the two activities together as a single production system."
"The experimental results indicate that the theory does a good job of predicting the relationship between the buyer’s average cost and the award splits, as well as the cost of multisourcing."
"This paper is concerned with a simulation procedure for estimating the distribution functions of the time to complete stochastic networks."
"For thirty-six test problems the percentage deviation from optimality never exceeds 4.4%, and the average percentage deviation is 2.2%."
"A job shop was simulated in order to determine the effect of different job priority rules involving setup times on shop performance."
"Econometrica47(2) 363–391.)"
"We show that there exists a unique Nash equilibrium, and the equilibrium QoS exhibits a switching surface structure with respect to capacities."
"A nearly identical rate of decline among men, stockowners, older, and college-educated respondents indicates that cohort effects are not driving the results."
"We test these predictions empirically and find substantial support: conglomerates have lower differences of opinion and lower short-sales constraints than pure-play firms."
"We develop a model in which the parties to a joint production project have a choice of specifying contractual performance in terms of actions or deliverables."
"We develop a Tabu Search method for the problem that incorporates long term memory, probabilistic move selections, hierarchical move evaluation, candidate list strategies and an elite solution recovery strategy."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2643.This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"Using retail chain data, we study the effects of a tournament incentive plan based primarily on objective performance, but incorporating managerial discretion in the selection of winners."
"Furthermore, when workload is low, employees tend to make performance-seeking risks; however, when workload is high, employees tend to exhibit quality degradation due to cognitive multitasking."
"The model is calibrated, its plausibility discussed, and its face and predictive validity assessed using data on wireless telecommunications services from two Asian markets."
"Instead, the required column information is generated at each iteration of the simplex algorithm."
"We discuss how to estimate the BGDM and BLDM in the absence of past sales data."
"In this paper we present a single queueing model which can be used to analyze many such systems."
"Barlow, R. E., F. Proschan."
"This paper describes an allocation method that avoids the difficulty of choosing an objective in advance by allowing the decision-maker to enumerate a range of criteria by varying a trade-off parameter."
"While simple, the decision-theoretic model is fairly general and provides the basic intuition underlying our revenue results."
"This paper was accepted by J. George Shanthikumar, big data analytics."
"Appropriability Mechanisms and the Platform Partnership Decision: Evidence from Enterprise Software (p. 102)Peng Huang, Marco Ceccagnoli, Chris Forman, D. J. WuHow do intellectual property rights affect entry into the market for complementary applications from independent software providers?"
"The kind of analysis developed here can be conveniently implemented in a computer spreadsheet, and would be especially valuable when large amounts of preference data are to be collected, as in consumer preference studies, experimental research, and contingent valuation surveys."
"Third, one important managerial tool to establish effective user-specialist communication is suggested."
"We show that firms maximize profits by focusing on a single revenue source and competing at the extensive rather than the intensive margin, outperforming competitors by attracting a larger customer base."
"Unlike other approaches to this problem, ours considers a transient situation."
"The debt-contracting value captures the inherent ability of accounting numbers to predict credit quality."
"It is then shown that in any solution to this problem, all activity levels will turn out to be either unity or zero, except for those related to a group of items which, in number, must be equal to or less than the original number of capacity constraints."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2606.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"In our model, the firm is endowed with a real option to initiate a project and enhance its future growth."
"The networks analyzed are those in which the limited buffers occur in tandem subnetworks."
"Greater equity ownership by HDHs is associated with a higher fraction of the issue ending up in the hands of pre-IPO shareholders, lower offering yield spreads, and more covenants overall but fewer covenants that restrict payout to shareholders."
"To date, the economic value of products self-designed using mass customization (MC) toolkits has been attributed to the two factors of preference fit achieved (which should be as high as possible) and design effort (which should be as low as possible)."
"We investigate two hypotheses regarding stimulus-based causes of preference uncertainty."
"Paying the agent to assume the risk may no longer lead to the best performance incentives."
"We find strong entitlement effects that shape opening offers, bargaining duration, concessions, and (dis)agreements."
"Also, asymptotic confidence interval estimators for the ratio of two variance parameters representing two independent processes are discussed."
"The difference between these two types of problems will be discussed in more detail below."
"These expected returns must also reflect the capabilities a firm has to implement this strategy and the resulting competitive situations it will face."
"The most able and the most applied academics are the ones that are more likely to propose collaborative as opposed to noncollaborative projects."
"This class of threshold policies is optimal for any prior belief, monotone security, and increasing utility function of the entrepreneur."
"25, No."
"The authors extrapolate how many unique ideas would result from an unbounded effort by an unlimited number of comparable idea generators and estimate that the total number of unique ideas is approximately one thousand for the most narrowly defined domain and more than two thousand for the more broadly defined opportunities being explored. ("
"When there is inventory pooling, the ordering decisions in the decentralized system depend on how the additional profit from pooling is allocated among the stores."
"The analytical study yields a general algebraic method of minimizing balance delay by the appropriate choice of cycle times."
"It explores design and control aspects of labor and machine limited systems."
"In these games a strategy is a partition of one's votes among a slate of candidates."
"Here it is assumed that the distribution functions of the parameters have a specified functional form F(t, θ), where θ is an unknown (real) vector parameter."
"Surprisingly, we show that sustainable competitive advantage does not necessarily lead to superior performance."
"Results show firms shifting display promotions away from smaller revenue brands toward larger ones following periods of poor financial performance."
"This is followed by a discussion of the limitations and contributions of “power comparability” to a theory of firm behavior."
"An application analyzes the efficiency of a passive stock market index in data sets from the empirical asset pricing literature."
"We tag theory-driven attributes of 37,125 unique products via Amazon Mechanical Turk to augment the usual product data (e.g., review ratings, descriptions)."
"The converse is also true."
"New York: McGraw-Hill, 1963, $7.95, 535 pp—reviewed by Anatol Rapoport;—Ewing, David W. (ed.)."
"Coproduction systems, in which multiple products are produced simultaneously in a single production run, are prevalent in many industries."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Supplemental Material: Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2020.3922"
"The first approach has attractive structural properties and an easily solvable rate matrix, but the system of equations at the boundary is most often prohibitively large."
"We compute the optimum replenishment quantity and dispatch frequency simultaneously."
"Do such offers affect the manufacturer's warranty?"
"Study 1 finds frequent, systematic violations of weak separability in the lab."
"The concept of “separability” is defined and studied in the first part of this paper."
"In industrial organization and economic geography, for example, the predominant convention is that all innovation within an industry/region contributes to a spillover pool that has a common value for all firms."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1853.This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"The optimal policy is a “greedy” look-ahead rule that accounts for the remaining number of breaks; in this setting, there is no value to perfect information at the scheduling stage, and hence knowing the duration of all breaks would not change the schedule."
"failure"
"The following hypotheses about long-range market forecasting were examined:H1 Objective methods provide more accuracy than do subjective methods."
"We show a significant postdisclosure reduction in brand name drug prescriptions by Massachusetts physicians, relative to control physicians in other states."
"We find that firms with successful first funds are able to launch follow-on funds that charge higher performance fees, set more onerous redemption terms, and attract greater inflows."
"1975."
"A recent article in Management Science by Zufryden [Zufryden, F. S. 1973."
"This paper shows that the real investment by nonfinancial firms is systematically related to the size of their defined-benefit plan."
"Finally, the formation is applied to the actual case of an institutional user seeking to network 29 buildings."
"These will have to be provisional and personal conclusions only, formulated in all modesty, since I am not an expert in several of the more sophisticated methods discussed here."
"We base these findings on an empirical strategy that exploits the variation over time in hiring firms' citations to the recruits' premove patents."
"Therefore, financial integration leads to more stable interbank interest rates in normal times but to larger interest rate spikes in crises."
"One key insight is that supply chain efficiency is significantly higher when the order quantity is included in the negotiation and that, contrary to the normative theory, this leads to a Pareto improvement whereby both the supplier and retailer earn higher profits."
"The work involved designing a road network using a minimal spanning tree algorithm; selecting the number and location of the service centers to be constructed over a five year period using a set covering algorithm; and developing a schedule for the construction of the service centers using dynamic programming."
"This paper was accepted by Shiva Rajgopal, accounting."
"A fractile approach to linear programming under risk."
"Despite providing many of the parametric accoutrements deemed necessary for the acceptance of a model he has not, I believe, proposed a test which is the most appropriate to establish the validity of regret."
"The choice of optimal rules for selecting information variables and for making decisions is the central problem of the economic theory of teams."
"Various independent experimental studies in laboratory settings have shown similar deviations from the theoretical optimal order quantity."
"This paper was accepted by Preyas Desai, marketing."
"The basic problem defined is that of assessing the desirability of incurring a number of fixed costs, when the benefits to be obtained cannot be related to individual cost-incurring items (facilities) but only to combinations."
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"Belgische Dienst Opvoering Productiviteit, Brussel en uitgeverij Nauwelaert, Leuven, 1964–414 pp—reviewed by D. J. Prins;—Barlow, Richard E., & Proschan, Frank, Mathematical theory of reliability."
"Using several known data sets, we demonstrate that trimmed ensembles can significantly improve the random forest’s predictive accuracy."
"The extended model was strongly supported for all four organizations at all three points of measurement, accounting for 40%–60% of the variance in usefulness perceptions and 34%–52% of the variance in usage intentions."
"failure"
"We develop an optimization model that uses these revenue and cost estimates to identify a subset of line extensions that maximizes incremental profits."
"Due to an error in typesetting, Figures 1–4 and Tables 1–3 were incorrectly labeled as part of this paper in Management Science, Vol."
"We derive two symmetric, payoff-equivalent equilibria of the game in the absence of a cost of return and then consider the more general case of costly return."
"This paper is concerned with a comparison of this approach to more traditional modes of decision making (intuition and mathematical optimization models) in an aggregate production scheduling context under various forecast error and forecast horizon environments."
"In addition, in our model, the benefit of a new green technology is both uncertain and correlated across firms, and firms’ decisions exhibit both strategic substitutability (because the marketing benefit of a new green technology decreases as more firms adopt it) and complementarity (because the stricter standard is more likely to be enforced as more firms adopt it)."
"But if evaluation costs are high, the author suggests that relative scarcity may not always benefit sellers."
"The 1950s were a flourishing period for Management Science that saw many practical successfully attacked through the application of inelegant but effective heuristics."
"This research indicates that these models do not meet with important practical requirements."
"We also show that ads induce searches and trading of companies other than the advertiser, including of close rivals."
"Following publication of my paper entitled (Fife, Dennis W. 1965."
"This article discusses a technique, intervention analysis, by which the impact of such disturbances can be assessed."
"In the present paper the notion of equivalence of inventory systems is introduced and it is shown that Models I and II are equivalent and so are models III and IV."
"Exploring the tension between theory and practice regarding complexity and performance in contract design is especially relevant."
"We find that incumbent on-time performance (OTP) actually worsens in response to entry, and even entry threats, by Southwest Airlines."
"In production scheduling, time performance is usually taken to be the province of sequencing models which take task processing times to be given."
"The problem of designing, coordinating, and managing complex systems has been central to the management and organization literature."
"Joining such an alliance leads to reduced costs, including those of possible rivals, because members share the development and operating costs."
"We show that this trade-off is shifted toward the reseller mode when marketing activities create spillovers across products and when network effects lead to unfavorable expectations about supplier participation."
"Studies commissioned by the U.S. Justice Department that approached this topic by econometric methods reported that the evidence failed to support the contention that Bell was a natural monopoly."
"In multiparameter Bayesian frameworks, such knowledge is incorporated as a prior."
"The effective utilization of these lines requires that a schedule for assembling the different products be determined."
"A branch and bound algorithm is developed to achieve an optimal solution."
"Overall, our findings suggest that the burdens to being public exacerbate agency frictions, which lead managers to take on fewer risky projects."
"Contributions to information systems and healthcare research, practice, and public policy are discussed."
"We propose that new inventions reshape networks of interlinked technologies by shifting inventors’ attention to or away from the knowledge on which those inventions build."
"This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"Customers whose needs, proxied by differences in demographics and product choices, diverge more starkly from those of their bank’s average customers report significantly lower levels of satisfaction."
"The results indicate that power is more concentrated than ownership in every case."
"This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"Although previous studies have examined the rewards available to individuals inside entrepreneurial firms, entrepreneurial experience may provide rewards that are independent of the entrepreneurial context."
"An experiment was conducted in which experienced decision makers from hospitals and firms were asked to assess several capital expansion projects."
"One of the goals of psychological research on subjective probability judgment is to develop prescriptive procedures that can improve such judgments."
"Surprisingly, it does not appear to do so in our study."
"A rough dynamic version of the model is presented as well as an algorithm for reaching an approximation of the optimum solution."
"We then use the expressions as the basis of simple normative models for suppliers seeking to maximize their long-run average profits."
"These findings are consistent with the RandMAU random multiattribute utility model developed in a companion article by Fischer et al. ("
"Using data on opposition to patents at the European Patent Office we show that opposition decreases in fields in which many others profit from patent revocations."
"The objective of this paper is the construction of a branch-and-bound algorithm for computing minimum cost flows in capacitated networks when the cost of passing a flow over an are is concave."
"The insight for management: Presenting fund performance graphically changes the perception of the desirability of the investment."
"Theoretical and numerical analysis shows that within the usual ranges of investment opportunities, risk targeting generates better unconditional performance than return targeting across a wide range of metrics."
"In a recent article in Management Science, F. P. Adler [Adler, F. P. 1960."
"Optimal incentive intensities decrease with risk and increase with profitability."
"Our analysis also provides insights for environmental groups and entities that use different approaches to improve the environmental performance of business practices."
"Interpersonal competence and organizational effectiveness."
"We describe a discrete-time auction procedure called PAUSE (Progressive Adaptive User Selection Environment) for use in assigning COLR (Carrier of Last Resort) responsibility for universal service."
"In services where teams come together for short collaborations, managers are often advised to strive for high team familiarity so as to improve coordination and consequently, performance."
"This paper was accepted by Neng Wang, finance."
"From a practical point of view, these findings offer some guidelines for managers of start-ups."
"A method is developed for optimally selecting capital investments with uncertain returns, under conditions of limited funds and a constraint on the maximum average variance allowed in the final investment package."
"Among all states with laws creating HIE incentives, only states that combined incentives with consent requirements saw a net increase in operational HIEs; HIEs in those states also reported decreased levels of privacy concern relative to HIEs in states with other legislative approaches."
"Prior research documents performance improvements following the implementation of pay-for-performance (PFP) bonus plans."
"Queyranne (Queyranne, M. 1987."
"The models of the various stages of production are connected to form a “master model” of an integrated steel mill."
"The algorithm solves problems with setup time or setup cost."
"Management Sci.22 261–273.).In the present paper we solve a continuous version of the model in Kleindorfer, Kriebel, Thompson, and Kleindorfer (Kleindorfer, P. R., C. H. Kriebel, G. L. Thompson, G. B. Kleindorfer."
"We develop a structural model to examine user demand for voice service and SMS."
"These fundamental questions about culture have previously been examined using self-report measures, which are subject to reporting bias, rely on coarse cultural categories defined by researchers, and provide only static snapshots of cultural fit."
"A second subdivision encompasses those maintenance policies in which the time to replacement for the non-monitored part depends on the state of the remaining parts of the system, and those in which only the failure rate of the uninspected part and the cost of maintenance actions are taken into account in determining the replacement interval."
"The optimal characteristics of the system are obtained using a heuristic method which includes both interactions of sublevel hospitals and environmental conditions as well."
"We test whether the well-documented high returns of private equity sponsors result from wealth transfers from other financial claimants and counterparties and from a focus on short-term profits at the expense of long-term value."
"A paradox in organizational research on judgment and decision making is that although the law-of-effect in adaptive learning suggests that people’s tendency to take a decision decreases after the decision receives negative consequences, people often exhibit an opposite action pattern of escalation of commitment."
"The firm optimizes on publicly posted prices (which are the same for all customers) and its information provisioning (which can be personalized)."
"Using proprietary data on 5,547 new franchised hotels and their revenues, we find that hotels far away from their franchisor’s headquarters are larger, more likely to belong to a high quality tier, and generate higher revenues ex post."
"A model of river flow rate for the 522 weeks of data is built through the transfer function/intervention model development processes of Box-Jenkins/Box-Tiao."
"Its solution determines a disaggregated problem that yields a feasible, near optimal solution to the original problem."
"We study whether personalization is in fact fragmenting the online population."
"For change is in the air, and the traditional concepts of management cannot fully meet the challenge that it brings."
"A prudent manager will attempt to acquire the equipment needed fast enough to encourage its use while avoiding the inefficiencies of under-utilization."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2603.This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"Detailed die yield data from five semiconductor plants were examined to estimate process noise levels."
"This note describes a decision-theoretic approach for deciding on when it is worthwhile to obtain a sophisticated statistical forecasting model and when an unsophisticated approach suffices."
"As one would expect, it is satisfied if capacity is small or K is large."
"They also suggest that it may be advantageous to design systems that support work at various levels of abstraction and support transitions among those levels."
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"Our findings highlight the primary contribution of U.S. unconventional monetary policy to volatility spillovers and potential global systemic risk."
"Finally, we outline the implications of our findings in making managerial resource allocations to market research endeavors."
"Therefore, large banks, or those with greater reliance on wholesale funding, increase their wholesale funding more."
"In this paper we describe how simulating key aspects of an organization's structure, in this case a hospital, can yield insights into the design of information systems and their performance."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"The model uses a piecewise linear envelopment of confidence regions for observed stochastic multiple-input multiple-output combinations in the Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) tradition."
"Understanding cross-national differences in the organization of innovative labor in the life sciences requires attention to the structure and evolution of biomedical networks involving public research organizations (universities, government laboratories, nonprofit research institutes, and research hospitals), science-based biotechnology firms, and multinational pharmaceutical corporations."
"In addition to the wireless telephony boom, a similar exponentially increasing trend in wireless data service—for example, short message service (SMS)—is visible as technology advances."
"The purpose of this research is to develop a computer applicable methodology for analyzing multiple objective linear programming problems when interval, rather than fixed, weights are assigned to each of the objectives."
"Though recent studies show that quality differentiation is an equilibrium outcome, products of similar qualities frequently are observed in the marketplace."
"Subjects exhibit strong preferences for donating time even when differential wage rates make it costly to do so."
"We advance the literature on modularity by exploring how three aspects of a supplier’s relationships with its customers affect the supplier’s survival: duration of buyer–supplier relationships, autonomy from customers, and links to prominent buyers."
"Using local land supply elasticities as an instrument for local real-estate prices, I estimate that a one-standard-deviation increase in collateral value causes bank debt as a fraction of total debt to increase by six percentage points."
"The purpose of mining exploration is to discover workable deposits, and to acquire certain information on the natural wealth."
"This paper is concerned with the worst-case approach to the analysis of heuristic performance."
"has provided an algorithm to solve the distribution problem in the linear case based on extensions of the methods of parametric linear programming. ("
"Designers of decision support systems (DSS) have focused on incorporating the latest technology with little attention to whether these new systems are compatible with the psychology of decision makers."
"Management Sci.11 (3, October) 62–69.)"
"This paper presents a method that incorporates quadratic production costs for each unit and uses optimization submodels to develop a system production cost versus output curve."
"This paper examines the relationship between product architecture, supply-chain performance metrics, and supply-chain efficiency."
"Clustering, Agency Costs and Operating Efficiency: Evidence from Nursing Home Chains (p. 677)Susan F. Lu, Gerard J. WedigWhat are the benefits and costs of retail chains?"
"The existence of a market for a used asset is interpreted in terms of multiple uses (and marginal internal values) for an asset."
"We studied behavior under different monitoring regimes in repeated trust games."
"Aggregation and Manipulation in Prediction Markets: Effects of Trading Mechanism and Information Distribution (p. 123)Lian Jian, Rahul SamiPrediction markets—markets in which traders buy and sell bets on future events—are designed to explicitly take advantage of the information aggregation function of market prices to provide decision makers with forecasts of future events."
"We provide exact characterizations of the tightest possible set of all possible true disparities that are consistent with the data (and possibly additional assumptions)."
"Russian) In translation: Rand Corporation T-86 dated 15 April 1958]."
"The average travel time of the first-arriving one-officer unit at a Type 2 call is at least 40% less than that of the first-arriving two-officer unit."
"We present a mathematical framework for the study of failure biasing."
"The intent of this paper is to show that efficient nonserial dynamic programming formulations can be developed for several complex nonserial CPM-Cost problem situations."
"A second study shows that the results hold even if all physical payments are conducted at the same time, suggesting that the framing of the payment scheme is sufficient to induce the prospective accounting behavior."
"In this paper we shall consider the problem of determining optimal purchasing quantities in a multi-installation model of this type."
"A stock-pile of identical units2."
"Management Sci.9 (2) 310–322.]"
"As a result, the buyer has some control over his payments at the expense of introducing uncertainty in the quantity acquired in the auction."
"This paper was accepted by Shiva Rajgopal, accounting."
"On predictive accuracy the prospect model outperforms the utility model for paradoxical choices."
"On stochastic linear programming, distribution problems: stochastic technology matrix."
"On the one hand, the more features the prototype incorporates, the larger the potential for activating relevant knowledge in memory that may serve as a basis for generating novel ideas."
"The corresponding break-even values for natural gas plants are substantially higher, near $60 per tonne."
"We find that the learning rate under conditions of related variation is significantly greater than under conditions of specialization or unrelated variation, indicating the possibility of synergy between related learning efforts consistent with an implicit learning or insight effect."
"In this paper we derive explicit expressions for the Laplace transforms of the up- and down-periods of this system, which provide insight in the availability of the system and which can be used to obtain approximations for the interval availability distribution."
"In so doing, it opens up a whole new approach for reflecting value judgments in DEA assessments, which can offer advantages in certain situations."
"In addition to shedding managerial insight, these structural properties enable efficient computation of the optimal policy."
"A Monte Carlo analysis using data generated from twelve simulation models is used to evaluate the technique."
"The heuristic approach outlined in this paper appears to offer significant advantages in the solution of this class of problems in that it (1) provides considerable flexibility in the specification (modeling) of the problem to be solved, (2) can be used to study large-scale problems, that is, complexes with several hundred potential warehouse sites and several thousand shipment destinations, and (3) is economical of computer time."
"This paper is concerned with using the method of parallel replications for estimating steady-state performance measures."
"We propose a partitioning algorithm to solve a class of linear-quadratic Markov decision processes with inequality constraints and nonconvex stagewise cost; within each region of the partitioned state space, the value function and the optimal policy have analytical quadratic and linear forms, respectively."
"This mechanism, known as a turn-and-earn allocation rule, is commonly used in many industries such as automobiles, microprocessors, video game consoles, etc."
"1 (October 1961), pp."
"The insight for management: Portfolio diversification strategies and investing in few familiar assets are competing philosophies that can be reconciled based on risk, correlation of assets, and relative ambiguity of the investment options."
"We provide complexity results for the offline case, and perform competitive analysis for the online cases."
"To inform better labor decisions, this paper studies how workload affects banks’ operational risk event occurrence."
"They find that the current inspection plan being advanced by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security can handle only a small percentage of the total load, and significant congestion delay will result."
"The problems at this level are further compounded by the need for developing, at the same time, methods for planning and evaluating major changes in facilities."
"Four of the clusters represent early MIS research themes which are still popular, based on subsequent citation patterns."
"With marginal cost–based fees and counterparty information being available, traders decide which counterparties to target through quote aggressiveness, trading off execution probability against fee."
"The following paper is reproduced from a Russian journal of the character of our own Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Comptes Rendus (Doklady) de I'Académie des Sciences de I'URSS, 1942, Volume XXXVII, No."
"In a system with several stochastically failing parts and economies of scale in their maintenance, it may be advantageous to follow an “opportunistic” policy for maintenance."
"This paper empirically examines the evaluations of 537 ventures in high-growth industries performed by 251 experienced entrepreneurs, investors, and executives."
"The “Runway Extension” and “Additional Flights” options were evaluated in terms of their net economic benefits, as compared with the “Do Nothing” option."
"Therefore, an incomplete-information methodology is needed."
"We also compute time trends in inventory turnover and adjusted inventory turnover, and find that both have declined in retailing during the 1987–2000 period."
"For example, suppose that six committee members agreed that candidate number one is slightly better than candidate number two, but four of them evaluated candidate number two as being much better than candidate number one."
"Conventional learning curves relating unit cost to measures of production experience are estimated for 221 specialty chemicals produced by a Fortune 500 company."
"Higher levels of turbulence undermine the adaptive benefits of commitment, but have a less adverse effect on flexibility, making nonintegration more attractive."
"In this paper, we describe some examples of this new research direction that are intended to stimulate more exciting OM research, to contribute to the economic and social well-being of both developing and developed economies."
"We develop novel methodology to compute the trade-off between fairness and attractiveness in crew rostering."
"The paper operationalizes the notion of shortage cost by considering the behavior of customers and competing firms and examines the role of inventory in response time competition."
"These entitlements seem to shape negotiation behavior considerably."
"The authors show that more thoughtful consumers can reduce the profit of firms, but lower-valuation customers are particularly adversely affected."
"Management Sci.7(4) 323–334 prepared at the request of the editors of Management Science."
"For a venture to receive external financing its founders must first select it as a candidate for external funding, and then a financier must fund it."
"Numerical results illustrate that an optimal arrangement of stations need not exhibit the “bowl phenomenon,” but the differences in the throughput between the optimal and the one obtained by the second rule are always very small (less than 0.5%)."
"We show that saving for retirement in TTDFs generates economically large welfare gains, even after we introduce turnover restrictions and transaction costs, and after taking into account parameter uncertainty."
"In resource-constrained project scheduling, the jobs additionally compete for scarce resources."
"Discrete choice experiments such as choice-based conjoint and dual response are popular preference elicitation methods, yet, they can suffer from context effects, extreme response behavior, and problems with estimating consumers’ willingness to pay accurately when the purchase probability is high."
"Several kinds of ceiling points are defined and analyzed and one kind called “feasible 1-ceiling points” proves to be of special interest."
"First, it empirically assesses the financial implications of medical device recalls to understand if these consequences are severe enough to deter firms from introducing potentially hazardous medical devices into the market, as can be inferred from the literature."
"To what extent would the rate of development and introduction of inventions decline in the absence of patent protection?"
"The quality of the solutions can be measured, since the heuristic generates lower and upper bounds."
"The use of those integrals allows us to rewrite some well-known formulas from queueing theory in a larger setting that enables generalizations."
"On the other hand, as a result of a supplier developing encroachment capability, a reseller either may choose not to develop an advanced informational capability or may become more willing to find a means of credibly sharing his information."
"Mixing the risky asset with the riskless asset."
"This paper describes efforts to validate a multiple car dispatch queueing (MCD) model of police patrol operations using New York City data."
"Management Sci.11 (4) B-69–B-87."
"A Global Equilibrium Asset Pricing Model with Home Preference (p. 273)Bruno Solnik, Luo ZuoAre investors biased toward domestic investments?"
"Biproportional apportionment methods provide two-way proportionality in electoral systems where the electoral region is subdivided into electoral districts."
"If investors' preferences are represented by multi-attributed utility functions and returns on different investments and other relevant factors have a joint normal distribution, we show that optimal portfolios can be characterized by a matrix measure of risk aversion."
"Psych.15 234–281.])"
"Our results extend the literature by showing that target analysts' coverage decisions reveal valuable information about a merged firm's future performance."
"This covariance matrix does not need to have a specific pattern such as constant covariances."
"Our interest in such problems grew out of management issues confronting an injection molding manufacturer of plastic pipes and fittings for the building and chemical industries, but similar problems abound in the manufacture of many other cast, extruded, molded, pressed, or stamped products."
"The results confirm an economically significant impact of the newspaper’s paywall design on content demand, subscriptions, and net revenue."
"The loss function and the equations for reordering point and minimal ordering quantity are derived."
"Some computational experience is reported."
"These variables appear linearly and must satisfy a system of equalities which is very large if considered as a single matrix."
"Mothers reported meaningfully reduced family–work conflict during remote working weeks, but fathers did not."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2943.This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"Despite this advantage, we find that the insurer may exercise the cancelation option too aggressively; this thereby restores a preference for noncancelable contracts, especially when the supplier’s outside option is unattractive and the insurer’s monitoring cost is low."
"On April 5–7, the Boston Chapter will host a national meeting of TIMS."
"However, its use for optimal dynamic pricing or advertising is relatively limited because the Generalized Bass Model (GBM), which extends the BM to handle marketing variables, uses only percentage changes in marketing variables, rather than their actual values."
"We show that our results are unlikely driven by selection bias."
"Under such conditions, norms and values play a key role in the adaptation of the system."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2887.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"This paper identifies the determinants of information value and synthesizes some general results concerning their effects."
"In manufacturing applications, “quality” is often defined as conformance to specifications or as meeting standards on the performance of the product."
"In this paper, we propose a branch and bound method for solving the job-shop problem."
"The reason we are able to obtain a complete solution (which can rarely be done in control models) is that the linear decision rule, which is optimal here as in other quadratic models, permits the elimination of the adjoint function from the state variable equation after one differentiation of the latter."
"The distribution of a product from several sources to numerous locations."
"failure"
"However, it is difficult to assess the actual maintenance performance effects of software development practices because their impact is realized over the software life cycle."
"Certain behavioral assumptions, which are necessary and sufficient for one of three forms of separable utility functions including the well-known additive form, are given."
"The problem is to conduct this process in such a manner as to maximize expected net value, that is, the expected value of the action finally taken minus the expected total cost of searching and testing."
"However, the impact of SDU care is more nuanced for patients admitted from the emergency department and may result in increased mortality risk and hospital length of stay for patients who should be treated in the ICU."
"Optimal Scheduling of Replacement and Inspection."
"The analysis sheds light on various determinants of transaction costs."
"We propose a stochastic model of a baseline case-manager system, formulate models that provide performance bounds and stability conditions for the baseline system, and develop two approximations, one of which is based on a two-time-scale approach."
"Instead, we consider all the utilities that meet some criteria, such as preferring certain lotteries over other lotteries and being risk averse, S-shaped, or prudent."
"So many management activities are described as planning that the significance of the term may have succumbed to generality."
"Interorganizational alliances are widely recognized as critical to product innovation, particularly in high-technology markets."
"In this way, our results provide empirical support for many such models."
"We present a simple and easily calculated expression for the Shapley value whenever the characteristic function is a “cost” function with the property that the cost of any subset of players is equal to the cost of the “largest” player in that subset."
"Finally, we show some promising results for our approach compared to traditional methods in a real-world portfolio problem against a competing benchmark."
"Instead, some physicians may have changed their payments and prescriptions behavior to avoid appearing biased."
"It is implemented in two stages."
"Third, supply chain governance differs in human capital-intensive and physical capital-intensive industries."
"Management Sci.29 1156–1166.)."
"In order to achieve this goal we have attempted to gather together and present some of the ideas of scientific philosophers, economists, statisticians, and practitioners in the field of simulation which are relevant to the problem of verifying simulation models."
"Lastly, we show that when the leaders’ and workers’ reservation utilities give rise to a bigger income gap between leaders and workers, attracting spiteful leaders becomes relatively less costly and unfriendly leadership becomes more prevalent."
"The proposed framework can be used for identifying mutually agreeable hazmat transport policies."
"We find strong support for Hypothesis 1 and Hypothesis 3."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"A sequential decision problem is partitioned into two parts: a stochastic model describing the transition probability density function of the state variable, and a separate framework of decision choices and payoffs."
"Next, we discuss and interpret conditions of this special type."
"failure"
"A network flow computation for project cost curves."
"Constant Proportion Debt Obligations: A Postmortem Analysis of Rating Models (p. 476)Michael B. Gordy, Søren WillemannA complex financial instrument called the constant proportion debt obligation (CPDO) might be viewed as the poster child for the excesses of financial engineering in the credit market."
"Results from six laboratory studies and a field experiment demonstrate that exposure to messages that praise customers for good deeds can increase subsequent self-interested and self-indulgent behaviors more than messages that publicize a company’s good deeds or thank consumers for their patronage."
"These languages (FORTRAN, COBOL, etc.)"
"If neither lottery stochastically dominates the other alternative, a decision maker chooses in a probabilistic manner."
"We consider both cases in which the OEM has relatively equal bargaining power (the dynamic bargaining institution) or substantial bargaining power (the mechanism design institution)."
"The effect of changing the objective function from minimizing expected cost to maximizing expected utility is examined."
"In the presence of an estimation risk, when agents learn from their past performances, the market volatility interacts with the estimation risk that makes risk–sharing arrangements such as limited liability overly important."
"With a variation of the example a situation is exhibited in which both the program and its dual are consistent and have finite extrema."
"The general results appear to confirm the validity of the tentative conclusions previously reported by King and Wilson [King, W. R., T. A. Wilson."
"Modern communication technologies enable efficient exchange of information but often sacrifice direct human interaction inherent in more traditional forms of communication."
"Strategy + Structure = Performance."
"The effectiveness of the proposed algorithm is illustrated through a computational study."
"Such lower and upper bounds are obtained minimizing and maximizing, respectively, the objective function of a nonlinear optimization problem."
"The authors assess the validity and accuracy of firms' backward patent citations as a measure of knowledge flows from public research by employing a newly constructed data set that matches patents to survey data at the level of the research and development lab."
"Banquet address delivered at the U. S. Army Operations Research Symposium in Durham, N. C., 27 March 1963; it appears here in slightly revised form."
"We develop alternative diffusion models of two corporate governance mechanisms—joint venture and M-form organizational structure—using relevant concepts from the resource-based theory."
"In general it is a member of the class of models referred to as decision process models."
"We characterize the optimal portfolio personalization via a tradeoff faced by the robo-advisor between receiving information from the client in a timely manner and mitigating behavioral biases in the communicated risk profile."
"Based on its informational role, a higher variance would correspond to a higher subsequent demand if and only if the average rating is low."
"We further demonstrate that firms with low analyst dispersion are substantially more likely to achieve positive earnings surprises and provide new evidence consistent with both expectations management and strategic forecast pessimism explaining this result."
"New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc. $7.50—reviewed by Morton Klein;—Adaptive Control Processes, A Guided Tour."
"This paper was accepted by J. George Shanthikumar, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"As a result, interestingly, a higher product quality can exert a nonmonotonic impact on equilibrium information acquisition, hurt firm profitability, and lead to lower consumer surplus."
"The model also provides insights as to the relative cost-effectiveness of various types of audits."
"3) What is the capacity for performing this work? ("
"The results give strong support for the use of the l1 norm in determining optimal facility locations when travel distances are rectangular and doubling back occurs."
"This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"There is little time to react to observed sales, and pricing errors result in either loss of potential revenue or excess inventory to be liquidated."
"involving redundant pairwise comparisons of attributes, (4) a straightforward allocation of hundred importance points, and (5) unit weighting (i.e., equal weighting after standardizing the attributes).The decision task involved college admissions."
"The authors reviewed 30,550 European patents from 1,880 inventors and found that inventors with a scientific education are more likely to generate patents that span technological boundaries than those with an engineering degree, but a doctoral degree is  associated with increased recombination breadth."
"The more modest objective of collective choice supported by filtering is to identify collectively acceptable plans for interdependent social groups whose goals and preferences may not be fully known."
"The basic problem underlying these models is that of determining optimal advertising expenditures and possibly other variables of interest over time for a firm or a group of competing firms under consideration."
"Discussion that was omitted from page 210 of the authors' article “Duality in Semi-Infinite Programs and Some Works of Haar and Caratheódory,” Management Science, Vol."
"The feasibility of multiple system equilibria is illustrated when this condition is violated."
"Finally, we find that certification can be welfare enhancing in the presence of consumer moral hazard."
"The classical combinatorial optimization problem of minimizing maximum completion time in a general job-shop has been the subject of extensive research."
"This paper was accepted by Shiva Rajgopal, accounting."
"However, it is unclear whether operational transparency is beneficial with potentially biased service providers."
"failure"
"We describe a family of heuristics to solve combinatorial problems such as routing and partitioning."
"Three mechanisms have garnered the majority of this attention: formal contracts, relational contracts, and relationally embedded social ties."
"For situations where the potential cost savings are sufficiently high to justify more sophisticated techniques, we propose a variation of the Beam Search method developed by researchers in artificial intelligence."
"We consider the associated polytope and study its structure, determining some classes of inequalities that are facet inducing for special subproblems and other valid classes."
"While not generally difficult to formulate, these capacity constraints make the model substantially more difficult to solve, as well as create certain pathological results, particularly in the assignment of uncovered demand to facilities."
"A detailed report of subjects' behavior in two six-man communication network experiments is given."
"The results are reinforced by robustness investigations in which each subject made only one lying decision."
"This paper was accepted by Christian Terwiesch, operations management."
"These moments then summarize what we know about the value lottery and certain equivalent, and provide the basis for computing approximate value lotteries and certain equivalents."
"This paper investigates a multi-item, multi-level production scheduling problem with linear costs and production and inventory constraints at one key facility."
"We intend the article to serve two goals."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"In particular, the work of Barlow and Proschan considers a model almost identical to our own, using renewal theory methods."
"We find that the “endogenous channel” (i.e., the effect of the customer’s own productivity on the supplier’s productivity) is by far the most important source of spillovers."
"We show that an equity pairs trading strategy generates large and significant abnormal returns."
"Our results show that priority policies can successfully integrate public housing projects while first available unit policies can exacerbate segregation."
"This paper explores the roles of different parties in a supply chain in quality improvement."
"Managers are thus likely to be motivated to report lower levels of working capital at times of greater external attention."
"The authors develop ratio-based efficiency analysis based on the DMUs' relative efficiencies."
"Using minute-by-minute TV advertising data covering some 300 firms, 327,000 ads, and $20 billion in ad spending, we study the real-time effects of TV advertising on investors’ searches for online financial information and subsequent trading activity."
"Schedulers confronted with significant processing time uncertainty often discover that a schedule which is optimal with respect to a deterministic or stochastic scheduling model yields quite poor performance when evaluated relative to the actual processing times."
"Our test consists of practice questions from SAT II history tests; we vary whether a penalty is imposed for a wrong answer and the salience of the evaluative nature of the task."
"However, this addition would be a less significant challenge to expected utility theory (EU) if utility curvature and probability weighting showed strong positive correlation."
"The authors suggest that it depends on a factor called “coherence” of the group, which is a function of the accuracy and covariance of forecasters in the group."
"Thus we introduce distributional components to the theory and derive both geometric and analytic methods to incorporate this consumer heterogeneity."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, finance."
"The computational procedure is similar to the fixed demand case, with only slightly more computational effort required."
"This paper examines the dual incentive and sorting effects of performance pay in a simple contracting model of endogenous participation."
"However, no systematic, general approach exists for finding robust strategies using the broad range of models and data often available to decision makers."
"Total utility is calculated as the integral of instant utility."
"An analysis of private and public sector location models."
"Based on a generalized seasonal production model, the present value of the cash flows associated with production by means of a combination of alternates is expressed in terms of the unknown capacities."
"In this paper we present a multiple period bond portfolio model and suggest a new approach for efficiently solving problems which are large enough to make use of as much information as portfolio managers can reasonably provide."
"Thus, to satisfy their service goals in a cost-effective manner, call centers may employ permanent operators who always provide service, and temporary operators who provide service only when the call center is busy, i.e., when the number of customers in system increases beyond a threshold level."
"algorithm."
"On the basis of past technological trends in the industry, this paper attempts to make some predictions as to the kinds of activities that are likely to be required in the agency of the future and the kinds of skills and talents that will be needed to man the agency of the future."
"A perturbation scheme to improve Hillier's solution to the facilities layout problem."
"Cost-effectiveness analysts generally assume that preferences over time are such that streams of monetary and nonmonetary program effects can be reduced to one discounted sum of monetary costs and another of effects."
"The assignment of due-dates to arriving jobs in an m-machine shop is formulated as a stochastic dynamic programming problem in the first part of this study."
"Availability shocks in our analysis are a residualized measure characterizing weeks in which the provider has fewer (or more) office appointments than expected based on typical patterns."
"Consequently, we lack both the empirical knowledge and normative understanding of building brand awareness in dynamic oligopoly markets."
"Since a fixed-price contract cannot attain channel coordination, we focus on time-based incentive contracts."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"This pricing model allows the name-your-own-price retailer to engage in price discrimination: As haggling is costly for the potential buyer, customers with a high willingness to haggle will achieve lower transaction prices."
"The last part of the paper develops a new duality theory for infinite programs which, as a special case, insures a weak form of duality for programs typified by the examples."
"In this paper we consider a model with two retailers and one manufacturer."
"Furthermore, introduction of early discharge option has more pronounced effects on increasing care unit capacity than addition of open beds with no early discharges."
"This paper was accepted by Olav Sorenson, organizations."
"The first is an approximate approach based on an equivalent annual cost measure, and the second is a procedure for systematic improvement of the approximate solution."
"This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"Several methods for combining the distributions are suggested, some involving mathematical formulae and some involving feedback and/or group discussion."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"This redeployment option facilitates their exit from new businesses that fail initial market tests."
"For the rationing game (in which dealers precommit to their stocking levels), we show that there exists a dominant strategy equilibrium on the dealers’ sharing (rationing) levels."
"The main contributions of this paper are threefold."
"The implementation of the algorithm was tested against MPSX/370, and the specialized code for solving networks with side constraints NETSIDE."
"Specifically, in searches for camera brands, a retailer not in the top 100 of Alexa rankings has a 30%–50% higher CTR in position 1 than in position 2, whereas a retailer in the top 100 of Alexa rankings has only a 0%–13% higher CTR for the same position improvement."
"We characterize these rules and then, under conditions involving state recurrence and accessibility, consider finding such rules."
"Empirically, we find that the return attributable to risk factor loadings has a significant impact on a fund's market share."
"The positive relation between the short-run component and stock returns may be caused by investors requiring compensation for bearing idiosyncratic volatility risk when facing trading frictions and hold underdiversified portfolios."
"By using just a matrix generator and a mathematical programming system with automatic cut generation routines we can formulate and solve model variants without incurring the costs of adapting an algorithm."
"In addition, the results support that self-report usage may not be an appropriate surrogate measure for actual usage."
"The optimal policy at each stage is characterized by a single critical number which also could vary in successive periods."
"My results hold for a subsample subject to exogenous shocks to CFO connectedness and are robust to a series of alternative specifications including using CFO fixed effects."
"We further find that liquidity clientele affects corporate bond prices—specifically, liquidity premia are lower among corporate bonds heavily held by investors with weaker preference for liquidity."
"This model formulation is extremely efficient because it allows convex cost representation with bounded variables to be solved without great computational efforts."
"In contrast, if both store visiting and online waiting costs are relatively high with the latter even higher, introducing BOPS can result in demand depooling as a result of the migration of the omni-customers from offline purchasing to BOPS."
"A natural idea, which should intuitively increase the provider’s profit, is to sell these idle instances on a secondary market, for example, via a preemptible spot market."
"The research also includes an experiment about the influence of a third party playing different kinds of mediating roles."
"By applying the TCA mechanism to a (stronger) quantity-transfer menu, the manufacturer can achieve the effect of free, full information revelation (i.e., full information profits) as if he fully observes the same version of the forecast, without the retailer directly sharing her private information."
"We show that relatively standard cost assumptions lead to formulation of the process control problem as a partially observed Markov decision process, where the posterior probability of a process shift is a sufficient statistic for decision making."
"But what about outsourcing production to upstream suppliers who do not have any advantages on production costs?"
"who utilized the same data base."
"Consequently, a focused market intelligence strategy can result in market-specific core competencies and produce firm differences from equivalent starting conditions."
"An economic decentralization interpretation is attached to this auxiliary maximization problem."
"Conventionally, reduced consumer search costs may be expected to engender stronger price competition between firms, resulting in lower prices and improved consumer welfare."
"Some organizational design implications of the findings are discussed."
"No differentiability or constraint qualifications are involved, and the theorem lends itself to new computational procedures."
"The key notion employed in CRIS is that nominal and nonnominal attributes have different characteristics and hence should be analyzed differently."
"Portfolio optimization problems involving value at risk (VaR) are often computationally intractable and require complete information about the return distribution of the portfolio constituents, which is rarely available in practice."
"Activity Analysis of Production and Allocation."
"Guidelines are also given to those balancing industrial assembly lines on the choice of the heuristic decision rule to use whether one is attempting to obtain a minimum station balance given a limit on the time available for assembly at each work station, or whether one is attempting to minimize the time devoted to assembly at a work station given a limit on the number of work stations available."
"It produces a statistically significant 17% gain in Sharpe ratio and an annualized Jensen-α of 0.93% versus a fully hedged benchmark."
"The most common reference points were the status quo and a security level (the maximum of the minimal outcomes of the prospects in a choice)."
"A computer simulation of the model in the context of a managerial and professional hierarchy is described and tested against hypotheses from the managerial and behavioral science literature."
"In order to speed up convergence, we formulate bounds which take into account future resource consumption of partially renewable resources."
"Furthermore, the export increase is larger for more distant countries and differentiated products."
"The insight for management: Your customers might “cut” only in certain situations; social policing may be an alternative to authority policing of customer behavior."
"Furthermore, our results indicate a dynamic component missing from static debt structure models: Debt heterogeneity entails additional covenants (i.e., constraints) when raising future debt."
"At present it appears to have significant limitations, but it is likely that further work can make it more useful."
"The rule is simple: Set price as though the demand curve were linear."
"In §3 we customize the general algorithm for solving continuous time Markov decision problems to our queueing model."
"An individual’s tolerance of risk can be quantified by using decision models with tuned parameters that maximally fit a set of risky choices the individual has made."
"We further find that recording successes is more valuable than recording failures, which supports firms' focus on best practice."
"The paper presents a method of forecasting sales which has these desirable characteristics, and which in terms of ability to forecast compares favorably with other, more traditional methods."
"Senior management chooses between a decision process that dictates the resource level (top-down) and one that delegates the resource decision and gives up control in favor of more precise information (bottom-up)."
"Measuring rates of return."
"We study the problem faced by a central planner trying to increase the consumption of a good, such as new malaria drugs in Africa."
"This paper was accepted by Kamalini Ramdas, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"We develop a nonparametric testing approach in state-space models, implying reliable finite sample inference under weak assumptions on price–dividend ratio and dividend shocks."
"The empirical result of this study is in favor of alternative 1 for servicing both functional units, 1622 and 1620."
"In addition, we track the dynamic purchasing behavior and inventory information for 23,665 lightning deals offered by Amazon and use their panel structure to further explore the relative effect of learning."
"However, the decision times converged after the third week."
"Adam Abruzzi."
"In many real world location problems, the solution is constrained to lie within a closed set."
"Many systems place an upper limit on the number of customers simultaneously handled by each case manager."
"Although the method is developed with respect to a bicriteria transportation problem, it is applicable to any bicriteria linear program in general."
"Data from 663 customers are analyzed using structural equation modeling techniques."
"An added benefit of the solution to the bundle pricing model is the selection of products which compose the firm's product line."
"We also show that this entry may cause the profit of each incumbent downstream firm to: (i) remain unchanged; (ii) decrease; or (iii) even increase."
"The online supplement is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.3023.This paper was accepted by Martin Lariviere, operations management."
"Managerial flexibility has value in the context of uncertain R…D projects, as management can repeatedly gather information about uncertain project and market characteristics and, based on this information, change its course of action."
"Recent theoretical developments have lessened the computational complexity of these auctions, but the issue of cognitive complexity remains an unexplored barrier for the online marketplace."
"Feedback helps create a ratcheting effect in productivity, mainly because of the fight for dominance at the top of the rank hierarchy."
"We conducted two experiments with a total of 848 subjects to examine how human versus machine interaction influences cheating for financial gain."
"This paper presents a simple method for scheduling these systems that performs well, not only with respect to mean waiting time, but also with respect to waiting-time variance and the outer percentiles of waiting time."
"This paper develops a normative model to address several important strategic issues related to consumer reviews."
"An iterative quadratic programming procedure is suggested."
"We present an optimization model for this integrated sequencing and scheduling problem."
"The insight for management: The words “I am sorry,” or their equivalent, don't necessarily suggest weakness or guilt of past events; instead, apologies are forward looking—a desire to sustain an ongoing relationship into the future."
"These features are familiar to accountants."
"Firms are assumed to reorganize workplaces if the productivity gains arising from workplace reorganization exceed the associated reorganization costs."
"This paper was accepted by Charles Corbett, operations management."
"We study the canonical problem of maximizing a stochastic submodular function subject to a cardinality constraint, where the goal is to select a subset from a ground set of items with uncertain individual performances to maximize their expected group value."
"Building on previous research in economics and psychology, we propose that the costliness of initial prosocial behavior positively influences whether that behavior leads to consistent future behaviors."
"Although the optimal last-order quantity before a price increase is similar in magnitude to what has been presented in other articles applying average cost approaches, in certain respects, this paper offers novel results contradictory to those suggested by other authors."
"Each job to be processed incurs a loss which increases linearly with its waiting time."
"The approach is based on exploiting the continuity properties of the parametric program so as to efficiently maintain a solution to the associated Kuhn-Tucker conditions as a traverses the unit interval."
"The resulting mapping is intended to serve as a benchmark for future assessments of MIS as a field as well as a means for documenting the emergence of new research specialties."
"Natural questions that could arise, then, are when would a firm prefer to take part in an electronic marketplace joint venture; when would it prefer that other firms, possibly rivals, join the venture; and what are the financial consequences of either joining an alliance or remaining independent?"
"This paper was accepted by Teck-Hua Ho, operations management."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"We tackle this question by characterizing scheduling and staffing schemes that are asymptotically optimal in the limit, as system load grows to infinity."
"This paper was accepted by Lauren Cohen, finance."
"We prove that our learning algorithms converge to a ranking that matches the best-known approximation factors for the offline, complete information setting."
"Investment alternatives are stocks, government bonds, and bank deposits."
"In this paper we consider a type of bias which stems from the mathematical algorithm often used to determine an optimal match between two groups."
"Training a prediction model with respect to the SPO loss is computationally challenging, and, thus, we derive, using duality theory, a convex surrogate loss function, which we call the SPO+ loss."
"This paper considers the problem of establishing a manpower policy for defined skill categories in the face of uncertain demands."
"We propose a technique for measuring such learning difficulty, and then develop a feature construction methodology that helps transform the training data so that both the learning speed and classification accuracy of neural network algorithms are improved."
"However, we find a null effect on factory health and safety standards."
"Finally, despite the fact that the service provider collects the priority payment as revenue but not the line-sitting payment, which accrues to the third-party line-sitting firm, we demonstrate that, somewhat surprisingly, accommodating line-sitting can raise more revenue for the service provider than directly selling priority."
"We examine a production-based asset pricing model with regime-switching productivity growth, learning, and ambiguity."
"failure"
"Our characterization rests on a novel decision theoretic result that provides a behavioral interpretation of the set of all derivatives of the functional representing the decision maker’s preferences."
"Cheap-talk communication between parties with conflicting interests is common in many business and economic settings."
"The share of Yelp’s traffic coming from Google has declined over this period, relative to traffic from Bing and Yahoo (which do not exclude other companies’ reviews), and Google reviews has grown more quickly than Yelp and TripAdvisor during the period in which they excluded these (and other) reviews providers."
"Could statistical discrimination be a primary explanation for racial disparities in physicians' treatment of patients?"
"Moreover, a spillover that is driven by a leading firm within a business group has stronger effects on other firms in the group than a spillover that is driven by a nonleading firm."
"In this case, overall minimization of the direct costs of control will not generally result in minimization of the indirect costs as well."
"This paper was accepted by David Hsu, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"In practice, however, hybrid mechanisms that remove some suppliers and a corresponding amount of demand from the auction market are quite common."
"Lilien compares ADVISOR results with some analyses of PIMS data which we reported in 1976 (Buzzell, Robert D., Paul W. Farris."
"In developing our framework, we elaborate on the knowledge transfer capabilities of different types of social ties, the informational properties of public and private knowledge, and how types of knowledge transfer and forms of learning follow from the networks within which firms embed their exchanges."
"This paper considers a simple model of that type, which explicitly allows for inventory costs."
"The insight for management: The value of training depends on the content; firm-specific training is less likely to improve performance than general training."
"This paper analyzes the stochastic order quantity/reorder point model in comparison with a corresponding deterministic EOQ model."
"Specifically, we construct a price-setting game between a manufacturer and its independent retailer."
"The optimal efforts depend on the combination of these two factors, giving rise to actionable design rules."
"Successive Linear Programming (SLP) has been used extensively in the refining and petrochemical industries for over 20 years."
"1991."
"The potential impact for each organizational structure or process is assessed."
"claim that they reverse our conclusion when they use goal programming estimators of a translog cost function estimated on exactly the same data that we use."
"It is shown using network flow concepts that for arbitrary bounds on production and inventory in each period there is an optimal schedule such that if, for any two periods, production does not equal zero or its upper or lower bound, then the inventory level in some intermediate period equals zero or its upper or lower bound."
"Emphasis is on essentials of the mathematical model."
"The empirically derived approach does not emerge from the observation of actual organizations, but from the ordering, through multivariate techniques, of criteria that organizational theorists and researchers use to evaluate the performance of organizations."
"This paper explores when and why producers of super-premium products should find it profitable to offer a smaller assortment than the producers of nonpremium products."
"With the purpose of addressing this void, we investigate the SOHO professionals' adoption patterns of multigenerational IT products."
"The calculations presented include the number of time periods to be sampled to produce estimates of mean shortages and overages per time period within approximately 100 per cent of the true value, with 95-per-cent confidence."
"In particular, it cannot be true in experimental games where players are subjects drawn at random from a population."
"The potential of options in forming portfolio return distributions that are more consistent with investor preferences has been well developed, but determining the actual effect of options on portfolio returns remains a complex and unsolved problem."
"In this paper, we use data from the Carnegie Mellon Survey on industrial R&D to evaluate for the U.S. manufacturing sector the influence of “public”(i.e.,"
"Workers avoid high-traffic vending machines and focus on machines with high sales volatility when adopting the algorithm."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"Markets are based on managerial decisions of the competing firms."
"We compare each outcome in systems with and without collaborative consumption and examine the impact of various problem parameters."
"Both backlogging and no backlogging are considered."
"We model licensing as a three-stage process, each involving multiple inputs."
"When allocating resources, developers must balance the cost of testing multiple designs against the potential profits that may result."
"These strategic-focused models do not consider the supply chain’s agility, i.e., its ability to quickly respond to unexpected fluctuations in customer needs."
"Management Sci.7 (1, October) 80–84.]"
"His management science unit studied four basic questions: (1) How much snow falls on New York City? ("
"We can also use the persistency model to obtain choice probability estimates for more complex choice problems."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"This suggests that analysts should improve estimation procedures for market risk premiums, which are commonly based on historical averages."
"In particular, we find that the average number of setups of an item selected for make-to-stock production is always less than half the average number of setups of the item if it were to be made to order."
"The allocations are compared with those obtained under the usual procedure of assuming a fixed demand equal to the expected value."
"These retrieval methods apply as well to management information systems involving marketing, demographic, socio-economic and related partially specified information systems in which individuals are classified in terms of the presence or absence of each of a large number of relevant attributes."
"Managerial judgment is frequently required to estimate many of the parameters of decision calculus models and the quality of these judgmental inputs may substantially affect model-based decisions."
"These findings suggest that users contribute to Stack Overflow in part because they perceive such contributions as a way to improve future employment prospects."
"As a shock to innovation disclosure, we study the American Inventor’s Protection Act that made firms’ patent applications public 18 months after filing, rather than when granted."
"We find that the adoption of CPOE systems significantly increases patient complexity reported by hospitals, corresponding to an estimate of $1 billion increase in Medicare reimbursements per year."
"Second, when senders and recipients of WOM share consumption benefits, WOM is more powerful and compelling."
"We present a variety of implementations, and compare their performance on realistic test problems."
"Unlike most screening problem formulations, we take a societal viewpoint, where the state of the system at each age is the population-wide probability density function of the body mass index."
"In this paper, we identify and empirically test factors that persuade firms to integrate inventory and fulfillment capabilities with virtual storefronts."
"We investigate the effect of auditing on promoting exports for private firms in emerging markets."
"This paper exploits a natural experiment to measure the impact of status signals in the context of open standards development."
"$12.50;—Spencer, Donald D., Game Playing With Computers."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"Stage one is concerned with the spanning of isoquants and stage two with an evaluation of the position of an observed input-output combination compared to the isoquants."
"In addition, $9-ending loans carry a higher interest rate, and $0-ending loans have a lower interest rate."
"We show that there always exists an equilibrium in which the suppliers' investments are synchronized, that is, in each period either all suppliers invest in process improvement or no supplier does."
"Firms today average forecasts collected from multiple experts and models."
"Our results have profound implications not only for how best to characterize the market demand of behaviorally biased consumers but also for determining the firm’s optimal pricing policy."
"The randomized markdown policy benefits retailers by combining price commitment with the exploitation of heterogeneity in consumers’ monitoring costs."
"Our results are easy to implement, intuitive and provide managerial insights and a better understanding on the effect of random deal offerings on replenishment and stocking decisions."
"We compare the two mechanisms in a controlled laboratory environment, varying the entry cost, and find that, contrary to the theoretical predictions, average seller revenues tend to be higher under the sequential mechanism, whereas average bidder profits are approximately the same."
"Culture is defined in terms of components and parts."
"This method actively utilizes external information for household population forecasts."
"Through employing more than 1,500 workers, we find that our use of CSR increases employee misbehavior—24% more employees act detrimentally toward our firm by shirking on their primary job duties when we introduce CSR."
"The existing theoretical literature provides little justification for a corporate debt subsidy."
"Surprisingly, these productivity differences appear to be driven more by learning subsequent to plant start-up than by initial disparities in productivity."
"Although a certainty assumption is made, inputs are analysed by sensitivity analysis and the dual model, while the effects of uncertainty are further reduced by the unequal time structure of the model."
"More important, they outbid competing firms for these managers because they enjoy higher marginal productivity from given managerial skills."
"The authors confirm that accrual characteristics cause investors to overvalue stocks."
"Linear fractional programming is also discussed briefly."
"An economy’s information environment has important but heterogeneous effects on the nature and extent of real economic activity."
"In my opinion the consequences would be a great increase in the value of operational research."
"Neoclassical models of strategic behavior have yielded many insights into competitive behavior, despite the fact that they often rely on a number of assumptions—including instantaneous market clearing and perfect foresight—that have been called into question by a broad range of research."
"Privacy Regulation and Online Advertising (p. 57)Avi Goldfarb, Catherine E. TuckerDo you feel uncomfortable when you conduct an Internet search, and alongside search results come numerous banner advertisements for similar products or services that you searched for?"
"An interactive model is developed which correctly predicts the problems faced by the airline industry today."
"The object is to produce a schedule where the maximum deferral cost incurred is minimal."
"The criticality index of a path is the probability that the duration of the path is greater than or equal to the duration of every other path in the network."
"Using transaction level data for refrigerators, we first provide reduced-form evidence that prices are impacted by the quota: the negotiated discounts are approximately 3.8% higher if the salesperson is 10% closer to reaching the quota in the final week of the month."
"The same decomposition is then applied to the subproblem, giving rise to a nested decomposition scheme, in which each stage acts as a master for the following stage and a subproblem for the preceding."
"Each division's profits, however, depend upon certain coordinating decisions taken by the center."
"p. 523)Vishal V. Agrawal, Mark Ferguson, L. Beril Toktay, Valerie M. ThomasIs leasing greener than selling?"
"The proposed model, inspired by Pruitt's (Pruitt, D. G. 1981."
"The basic idea is to align the discontinuities with the coordinate axes by a judicious design of a method for simulating the underlying processes."
"This effort illustrates the practicality and desirability of incorporating advanced concepts into operating systems if the system's demands on working personnel are made compatible with the objectives and capabilities of the workers."
"He then evaluates the event by its “subjective” frequency of occurrence."
"Thus, the potential exists for the inappropriate use of certain indicators in performance evaluations and decisions."
"We present a general solution procedure for two stage serial systems, which for most cost structures and leadtime distributions is a single-pass algorithm."
"Management Sci.4(2, Jan.) 115–135.],"
"64(9):4193–4217] can be wrong when the two players’ discount rates are different."
"We maintain the discrete nature of the appointment scheduling problem by considering arrival epochs with discrete supports."
"This paper was accepted by Mary E. Barth, accounting."
"The initial forecasts were corrected by the Theil optimal linear correction technique and a Bayesian revision adjustment."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"Calibration of our model to the data allows us to shed light on the benefits of deadlines and suggests small levels of task acceleration but potentially larger working capital–related benefits for law firms."
"The most interesting generalization is that the relative variance of a polynomial of degree m, as the position of the trend value departs farther and farther from the central position in time, may be described by a polynomial equation of degree 2m."
"Representative of these problems is a problem that was first solved in the fundamental paper by Modigliani and Hohn [Modigliani, F., F. E. Hohn."
"The analysis of more than 200 new product developments provides important findings."
"paperback, $9.95;—Peters, William S. and George W. Summers, Statistical Analysis for Business Decisions."
"The expected profit-maximizing order quantity is well known, but little is known about how managers actually make these decisions."
"The MCD model was designed for use in a computer system that has been disseminated to many police departments in the U.S. to help planners allocate patrol cars among precincts."
"The researcher and the manager: A dialectic of implementation."
"uses the following approach."
"Cambridge, Mass.: The M. I. T. Press, 1968, 240 pp.,"
"We also find that returns to personalization are negatively correlated with a query’s past average performance."
"Extensive simulations demonstrate that Greedy-First successfully reduces exploration and outperforms existing (exploration-based) contextual bandit algorithms such as Thompson sampling or upper confidence bound."
"Surprisingly, we find that entrepreneurial experience exacerbates this pattern of over- and underconfidence."
"The prices of risk of these moments are restricted by the investor's risk aversion, skewness preference, and kurtosis preference."
"The authors find a “Mark Effect,” a tighter distribution of rewards, as an alternative way to increase tournament welfare for most tournaments."
"Density Forecasting of Intraday Call Center Arrivals Using Models Based on Exponential Smoothing (p. 534)James W. TaylorHow many operators are needed to adequately staff a call center?"
"Drawing on the variable focus of attention model, we posit that momentum therefore directs the focus of organizational attention between concerns of aspirations, survival, and slack."
"Paul Wasserman and Fred S. Silander."
"With customers placing considerable emphasis on cross-product integration, the success of a new venture is dependent as much on its ability to integrate its product with relevant complementary products as on the core product functionality itself."
"Many firms today manage their existing customers differentially based on profit potential, providing fewer incentives to less profitable customers and firing unprofitable customers."
"A bias adjustment is described that can be applied to the beginning of the collected data to reduce the influence of initial conditions on events in the experiment."
"Previous approaches have investigated the problem of determining the minimum cycle time for a given line length."
"An approximate solution is often found by replacing the “right-hand side” by its expected value and solving the resulting linear programming problem."
"Leonard R. Sayles, New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1958, pp."
"We refer to this environmental effect as the Muth effect, which occurs when rational markets provide more opportunities (i.e., more observations) to individuals and organizations with greater innate ability."
"This paper was accepted by Brian Bushee, accounting."
"Noncancelable contracts rely on the deductible to implement both roles, which may result in a conflict: a high deductible inhibits the smoothing role, whereas a low deductible weakens the monitoring role."
"The model is able to match simultaneously the pattern of average stock returns and firm values of portfolios sorted on advertising expenditures that standard asset pricing models cannot."
"Formulas for the determination of the order size and of the reordering point will be derived."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"The decision of a company in the selection of a technological business area to exploit is a difficult one to make because of the many complex factors involved and the uncertainties of predicting future events."
"We briefly consider the time necessary to reach steady state for these policies; this is one point of departure for further research."
"Recently there has been considerable interest in the average-case performance of heuristics."
"Furthermore, bidders are less aggressive than under UPE and can be subject to a “loser’s curse.”"
"Economies or diseconomies of scope are attributable to factors such as production changeover time, overall process management requirements, and complementary production requirements that vary with the product or service mix."
"Together, these enable reliable and robust assessments of disparities—an important tool when disparity assessment can have far-reaching policy implications."
"Our results confirm that bias at the ride request stage has been eliminated."
"The analysis is based on the theory that occupations involving tasks that are “tradable,” such as tasks that require little personal communication or hands-on interaction with U.S.-based objects, are vulnerable to being moved offshore."
"Another finding is that when we have a positive change in the factors that increase sampling productivity, steady-state goodwill stock and sales will increase, but equilibrium sampling can either increase or decrease."
"More importantly, the lagged PSA reliably identifies proper staffing levels to meet targeted performance levels to keep congestion low."
"We conclude by discussing how these results can be used to help improve forecasting in applied contexts, such as promotion forecasting in the retail grocery industry."
"Yet the underlying explanation for these results is unclear."
"This model is applied to a selected set of Michigan machine tool firms."
"The insight for management: New decision modeling captures the fact that people hate to sell at a loss but will do so in the case of sufficiently poor future prospects."
"We show that the firm's best response mapping satisfies a dynamic programming recursion (even when the one period reward function is unbounded) providing management with a familiar tool to solve its problem."
"This article describes graphical and algebraic methods suitable for computer application to determine accurately the minimum-cost values of Q and r, employing either dollar stockout penalties or specified service levels."
"Yet, with few exceptions (5)1, the published literature in the area consists of introductory expositions (10) or of descriptions of the solution of a particular problem (7) where the technique itself is correctly relegated to secondary position."
"The outcome is a separating equilibrium with quality unravelling."
"We present an evolutionary model of technology diffusion in which an old and a new technology are available, both of which improve their performance incrementally over time."
"Consequently, the system manager must attempt to apply the available resources as effectively as possible."
"An analysis of actual queue data for a network of five functionally related machine centers shows that queue behavior is adequately described as a first order vector valued autoregressive model."
"Through these findings, our work conveys the message that traditional, proximity-based facility location models can be inadequate for designing modern responsive supply chains, and calls for the need to develop a new class of models for the task."
"The manufacturer is willing to pay the most for information when supplier backup production is moderately expensive."
"Previous empirical studies find that lottery-like stocks significantly underperform their non-lottery-like counterparts."
"Management Sci.14(10) B-573–B-580."
"The progress of management science is dependent on our understanding of the manager's working processes."
"The elements of organizational structuring—which show a curious tendency to appear in five's—suggest a typology of five basic configurations: Simple Structure, Machine Bureaucracy, Professional Bureaucracy, Divisionalized Form, and Adhocracy."
"failure"
"Making situational information easier to process debiases those most prone to correspondence bias."
"This paper was accepted by Manel Baucells, decision analysis."
"This statistically significant excess cut by nearly one-half the recent progress in domestic jet safety.(3) International air travel was also far safer in the last decade than in preceding ones."
"In this paper, we study the effect of information technology (IT)-enabled automation on staffing decisions in healthcare facilities."
"This paper proposes and analyzes the feasibility of an index-contingent trading system."
"paperback $3.95."
"From a performance viewpoint, these effects are generally deleterious, and their magnitude depends on the method used to generate the autocorrelated process."
"The performance of the Bayes-Stein method for forecasting these parameters for use in the Markowitz model (with and without short sales) was compared with that of seven other estimation methods, and three alternative portfolio selection techniques."
"2001) address this problem by approximating the exact tax basis by the weighted average purchase price."
"As such, we overcome important methodological issues facing previous work in this area."
"We illustrate how advance demand information can be a substitute for lead times and inventory, and how it enhances the outcome of delayed differentiation."
"This study focuses on the market identities of firms and suggests that identity ambiguity is caused not only by bridging horizontal product categories but also by status inconsistency stemming from bridging vertical status categories."
"J. Math."
"Management Sci.21 (3, November).],"
"The change in advertising spending is related to changes in market share, changes in product plans and changes in the number of competitors modified by the number of customers, their concentration and the size of the advertising budget."
"The outputs of these subsystems satisfy linear difference equations which specify the growth pattern of the output of the system over time."
"The proposed solution method was found to be much more efficient with negligible error."
"Our entropy metric is employed to devise rules for problem partitioning within an implicit enumeration method, where branching is accomplished based on the subproblem complexity."
"Subjects provided with outcome feedback performed poorly."
"An empirical application for a large midwestern brewery is provided which utilizes and illustrates both the estimation an optimization procedures."
"Estimators of the latter type are constructed and demonstrated to require fewer samples per realization (hence increased estimation accuracy) in almost all networks."
"Besides its contribution to the procedural justice literature, our study also sheds light on one of the most pressing issues outstanding in the field of international management: how multinationals can motivate subsidiary top managers to implement their global resource allocation decisions."
"2) How much variation exists in actual component-sharing practice?"
"But, only one-third of the organization is allowed to meet face-to-face."
"This paper describes the planning process in detail."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, behavioral economics."
"The approach used is that of finding, for any given feasible flow, circuit flows of negative incremental costs."
"This paper presents and tests an effective optimization algorithm for clustering homogeneous data."
"In this paper we introduce a multistage model of new product development process which captures this tradeoff explicitly."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"failure"
"The population correlation structure among 2KP coefficients, the level of constraint slackness, and the type of correlation (product moment or rank) are varied in this study."
"This paper was accepted by Jagmohan S. Raju, marketing."
"To explain this stylized fact, this paper provides a market microstructure model for the bid-ask spread in options markets."
"In addition to historical performance, subjective inputs from actual network managers were used as input to the network flow optimization model."
"I discuss the importance of reducing export entry cost for facilitating inclusive global trade."
"Based on a discussion of these streams, we evaluate the IS literature's core contributions to theoretical and managerial knowledge, and make some predictions about the road that lies ahead for IS researchers."
"Decisions under risk are often multidimensional, where the preferences of the decision maker depend on several attributes."
"The experiment had three basic findings: First, hierarchical weights were steeper (higher weight ratios) than nonhierarchical weights."
"Businesses around the world are paying more attention to process management and process automation to improve organizational efficiency and effectiveness."
"Therefore, we focus on a contingent-pricing game, with wholesale prices contingent on the manufacturer’s sourcing strategy."
"We find that enhanced trust increases the likelihood of high-quality freelancers being hired."
"The model maximizes staff satisfaction, expressed by positive weights for pairs of shifts in consecutive days."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"We first prove that the CVaR sensitivity can be written as a conditional expectation for general loss distributions."
"Second, we examine whether the contest holder should mandate interim feedback or instead allow solvers to seek feedback at their own discretion."
"The insight for management: Entrepreneurial founders' background is an important factor in new-venture open science strategy and research structure."
"This supports the idea that the agent’s ex post rents can serve as a substitute to the principal’s monitoring intensity in the mitigation of agency problems."
"Patient journeys through the healthcare system, however, can deviate substantially from these pathways."
"This paper studies the equivalence between taxes and subsidies in the control of negative production externalities."
"Theorem 3)."
"With this information, a manager can concentrate on selecting the most preferred schedule from the set."
"Conditions for the existence of a steady state queue length are found and some joint and marginal distribution of these queue lengths are given."
"An algorithm is proposed for generating extreme point production plans."
"The latter result is developed in this paper."
"This paper describes a laboratory experiment designed to test the impact of cognitive style differences between operations researcher and manager on the managerial implementation of operations research recommendations."
"New and more accurate approximations are found for calculating the optimal values of the reorder point s and the minimum order quantity Δ = S − s. When demands are normally distributed it is shown that the six cost and distribution parameters associated with these approximations can be combined into two effective parameters."
"The development of this complex technology involves a sequence of funding choices over time among multiple technical approaches and under considerable performance uncertainty."
"Interviews with study participants corroborate and contextualize these findings."
"This paper was accepted by Manel Baucells, decision analysis."
"Performance information systems minimally consist of a performance standard, performance measurement, incentives to match performance to the standard, and periodic reports on performance."
"The economical and environmental benefits of product remanufacturing have been widely recognized in the literature and in practice."
"The numerical results show that the estimator works well."
"We find that average effort is higher when individuals are informed about their relative performance."
"A cluster analysis is run to identify natural groups of homogeneous businesses."
"This paper was accepted by Chung Piaw Teo, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"By simulating a hospital with 21 ICU beds, we find that we could save about $1.9 million per year by using an optimal policy based on observables designed to reduce readmissions and hospital length of stay."
"However, there is also a negative effect of promotions on brand equity that carries over from period to period."
"However, we posit that enforceability screens formation of within-industry spinouts (WSOs) relative to non-WSOs by dissuading founders with lower human capital."
"For a linear cost structure we show that for any n-period horizon (0 < n < ∞) the individual customer's optimal strategy is a 3-region (possibly degenerate) policy by which he Enters a small queue, Leaves a large one and Waits when the queue is of an intermediate size."
"We study the interdependencies between transaction costs, portfolio characteristics, and mutual fund performance."
"This paper considers the chance-constrained programming problem where the decision variables can be either bounded and continuous or restricted to be either zero or one, and where some or all of the parameters are random variables that may be statistically dependent."
"We show that the weighted CIE's have the same asymptotic expected length and variance of the length as the area CIE; but in the small sample environment, the new CIE's exhibit performance characteristics which are different from those of the area CIE."
"We conduct experiments on networks resembling U.S. e-commerce distribution networks to show the value of a distributionally robust approach over a stochastic approach that assumes an incorrect demand distribution."
"This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"For this model the queue length distribution is also easily derived."
"Typical of the multistage problems are those encountered in dynamic problems."
"The distribution problem in stochastic linear programming: the Cartesian integration method."
"Mild conditions are shown to ensure that the expected average holding cost and the expected average shortage cost are separable convex functions of the order-up-to levels."
"$11.65—reviewed by Charles Greenberger."
"An opportunistic inspection policy makes the inspection of a non-monitored part conditional on the state (good or failed) of a monitored part."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, 1965, $7.95, 312 pp—reviewed by Horace B. Barlow;—Société Francaise de Recherche Opérationnelle."
"II (National Conference, Society of American Value Engineers, Chicago, April 24–26, 1967)."
"However, when a horizontal merger occurs in a multitier decentralized supply chain where a finite number of firms compete at each tier, we show that this result holds only when a merger occurs at the tier that acts as the leader in the supply chain."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"I study an entrepreneur who finances a project with uncertain cash flows and who jointly chooses the disclosure and financing policies."
"An important managerial problem in manufacturing is to determine the optimum amount and mix of products that can be manufactured from a given set of facilities, such as machine tools."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"We demonstrate the validity of the approach with simulation studies aiming to discriminate expected utility, weighted expected utility, original prospect theory, and cumulative prospect theory models."
"Search advertising is the ordered list of advertisements that appears when a user searches for something in an online search engine."
"Essential resources, like electricity and water, can experience rapidly changing demand or supply while the other side of the market is unchanged."
"Product Recalls in the Medical Device Industry: An Empirical Exploration of the Sources and Financial Consequences (p. 376)Sriram Thirumalai, Kingshuk K. SinhaThe $90 billion market for medical devices is growing at 6% per year; medical devices play an increasingly significant role in the delivery of health care today."
"and states that “… the results of the Buzzell-Farris study on the PIMS data and the results of ADVISOR are quite consistent.”"
"The RAND Corporation, Memorandum RM-3098-PR, May.]."
"Joglekar and Hamburg (1983), (1986) assume that a firm's benefits from its investment in appropriable activities are independent of its benefits from the industry's total investment in the pertinent basic (i.e., inappropriable) research."
"Steady state probabilities are found for two service jobs processed by two server systems."
"Quick response also reduces the clearance by better matching supply to demand, thereby reducing the chance of a clearance sale."
"The proposed formulation explicitly links brand choice and purchase timing behavior via the effect of state dependence."
"We do find evidence of a postappointment citation boost, but the effect is small and limited to a short window of time."
"—Editorial by Daniel Teichroew, Vice President, Publications, TIMS—Letter to the Editor by J. C. Joslin, Johannesburg, South Africa—Letter to the Editor by Kenneth A. Longman, Young & Rubicam, Inc.—Letter to the Editor by S. E. Trieb, Kansas State University—Letter to the Editor by Wayne S. Marshall, Graduate School of Business, Columbia University—Letter to the Editor by Charles H. Kriebel, Carnegie Institute of Technology—Letter to the Editor by D. L. Randall, London, England"
"The purpose of this paper is to discuss a number of functional equations which arise in the “optimal inventory” problem."
"In this paper, we empirically explore this question by examining Google’s decision to tie its new reviews product to its search engine."
"The Accrual Anomaly: Risk or Mispricing? ("
"These arguments are still found in current textbooks and are commonly taught to students in graduate level managerial accounting classes."
"This paper considers the problem of optimally locating multi-activity facilities whose activity compositions are also to be determined."
"Such determination will also be conditional on at least an approximate knowledge of the probability distributions involved in the problem."
"Book Reviews—Studies in the Mathematical Theory of Inventory and Production."
"Typically a shopbot searches a predefined set of vendors and reports all results, which can result in time-consuming searches that provide redundant or dominated alternatives."
"We thus investigate how expert evaluators vary in their evaluations of entrepreneurial proposals based upon the order in which they are evaluated."
"This paper provides an empirical investigation of how firms with cost advantages (cost disadvantages) exploit (cope with) their advantages (disadvantages) through their pricing behavior."
"We propose a procedure based on dynamic programming coupled with piecewise polynomial approximation to compute the value of a given option, at all observation dates and levels of the state vector."
"In particular, investors who were able to view the combined product certification and prominent customer signals have a 72% higher likelihood of indicating an interest in making an equity investment than those who did not receive any of the three signals."
"Analog's TQM program was a dramatic success."
"This paper examines two due-date setting problems first studied by Wein (1991)."
"The second is based on generating a standard deviation or distribution for the parameter estimate using nonparametric jackknife or bootstrap techniques."
"In particular, multiactivity cases, which cannot be modeled by existing implicit formulations, can easily be handled with grammars."
"In [Zangwill, W. I. 1969."
"We study the impact of multidimensional bargaining and the location of inventory risk on the performance of a two-stage supply chain."
"This paper analyzes four sources of the bullwhip effect: demand signal processing, rationing game, order batching, and price variations."
"Specifically constraints on the flow from disjoint and/or nested sets of origins to all destinations, and from any single origin to disjoint and/or nested sets of destinations are considered."
"The activities covered by the model consist of ten winter crops, seven summer crops, three nili crops, two permanent crops, two pasture types, four livestock types, and three types of fertilizers."
"London: Her Majesty's Stationary Office, 1967, $.55, 26 pp—reviewed by John Stewart."
"More generally, how should comarketing contracts such as this one be structured to ensure that both partners invest appropriately in such promotions?"
"Nor do we assume that firms actually use formal decision-analysis."
"A common justification for organizational change is that the circumstances in which the organization finds itself have changed, thereby eroding the value of utilizing existing knowledge."
"This paper formulates a computable equilibrium model (CEM) of the market for physician services."
"We find that wealthier investors are more risk averse in the cross section and that investors become more risk averse after a negative housing wealth shock."
"Meanwhile, the OEMs focus on innovation: research and development, product design, and marketing."
"The problem, which is an example of a multi-commodity capacitated trans-shipment problem, is solved by the technique suggested by Ford and Fulkerson [Ford, L. R., D. R. Fulkerson."
"The competitors may select wage rates and product prices freely, since there are no internal relationships in the model."
"Firms in a vertical relationship are likely to affect each other’s productivity."
"Bidders have a desire to learn the content of competitors' bids, but they also have a vested interest in preventing an opponent from learning their bid information."
"The return predictability concentrates around macro news announcement."
"There are, however, other theoretical and methodological implications."
"Our back-testing results indicate that the option-implied estimates are much more responsive to market changes than their historical counterparts, which perform poorly."
"have suggested two methods for optimizing average costs per unit time by means of a sequential decision rule."
"Books Received"
"However, search ads also differ in prominence in another way: prominence of advertiser."
"The authors study the relationship between the risk preferences of individuals and the risk preferences of the aggregate economy."
"The purpose of this letter is, on one hand, to examine these points, and, on other hand, to present some additional information on some of the problems being discussed in the original paper for the reader's reference."
"In particular, we leverage random variation in the allocation of rank among subjects who exerted the same effort to obtain a causal estimate of the rank response function that describes how effort provision responds to the content of rank-order feedback."
"The method is illustrated in a conjoint application in which all covariates are splined simultaneously and in three panel data sets, each of which has a single price spline."
"We analyze the implications of consumer privacy for competition in the marketplace."
"Collectively, this suggests that, on average, trading within the rule does not solely reflect uninformed diversification."
"The empirical findings about the impact of some selected variables on subjective probabilities are described and discussed for their relevance to the problem at hand."
"failure"
"Unimodal intertemporal decisions involve comparing options of the same type (e.g., apples now versus apples later), and cross-modal decisions involve comparing options of different types (e.g., a car now versus a vacation later)."
"First, it may be assumed that the distribution of times to failure for parts not subject to inspection is known."
"The dataset includes 367 large firms which generated approximately 1.8 trillion dollars in output in 1991."
"Importantly, isolating the component of past returns not driven by fundamentals provides a cleaner setting for testing existing theories of short-term reversals."
"This paper was accepted by Gui Liberali, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"A goal programming/constrained regression review of the bell system breakup."
"When the product is less perishable, the distortion is reversed and vertical price ceilings or inventory penalties can coordinate incentives."
"The driver estimates the expected waiting time at the first station, compares it to the conditional expected waiting time at the second one, and decides which station to enter."
"We propose an integer programming formulation of the problem by decomposing the entire problem into a master problem and a number of column generation problems."
"Maximum likelihood and Bayesian estimation techniques have been used to estimate these transition probabilities from aggregate historical market shares of alternative home-heating units."
"Under this beat system, the dispatcher does not know the precise location of each police unit, so he often does not dispatch the closest unit."
"If lead time distributions are arbitrary except that they are independent of order size and do not allow orders to cross in time, then each order in an optimal solution will exactly satisfy a consecutive sequence of demands, a natural extension of the classic results by Wagner and Whitin."
"We discuss the implications of the results for decision support in dynamic tasks."
"Both the static and dynamic problems are investigated."
"Probability encoding, the process of extracting and quantifying individual judgment about uncertain quantities, is one of the major functions required in the performance of decision analysis."
"In this paper, we develop a game-theoretic model to study the strategic interaction between a vendor and a firm in balancing the costs and benefits of patch management."
"Sensitivity analyses are methodologically invalid."
"The approach is illustrated using scanner tracking data of brand actions in a real market."
"Fundamental issues in the simulation of human behavior: A case study in the strategy of behavioral science."
"SANS, a simplified account numbering system."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"A market segmentation approach was found lacking."
"This suggests that current, universal, a priori assumptions about the interplay between technology and organizational structure are questionable."
"Dividing the workload equally among vendors with different service capacities can lead to serious losses."
"Major issues of development and operation of the programs included: conflicts with the academic context, difficulties in keeping technically up to date and problems in retaining quality staff."
"Each supplier benefits from a reduction in the mean or variance of his own lead time, whereas the supplier’s profit is independent of the duration of the on-site tasks and the lead times of other suppliers."
"This paper presents new economically motivated fully sequential sampling procedures to solve such problems, called economics of selection procedures."
"These contracts suggest that managers pay close attention to service quality and its contractibility in seeking call center outsourcing."
"We propose that firms introducing new products in converging markets will learn vicariously from other firms in the market."
"Prediction and Regulation by Linear Least Square Methods."
"Several problems in the optimal control of dynamic systems are considered."
"This cooptation increases the probability that the organization will adopt the change."
"On the other hand, the benefits of greater product breadth are linked to the economies of scope achieved by sharing common resources, such as advertising or production capacity, across activities."
"Explicit formulae for these cross brand effects for the general N brand case have never appeared in print, nor have the direct elasticities for the model."
"Interestingly, we find that both quantity distortion and information rent may be avoided depending on the firms' relative patience, and the seller may reach an agreement with either the high type or the low type first, or with both simultaneously."
"The transport risk in the region, however, is determined by the carriers' routing decisions over the available road network."
"Attention will be concentrated on discrete (statistical) distributions because this class of cases admits of the easiest and most straight-forward treatment."
"How does the breadth of the product line affect performance?"
"If so, what market conditions limit or exacerbate this bias?"
"The objective functions considered are lower semicontinuous and have bounded level sets."
"In particular, we show how to treat errors not serially uncorrelated, and how to investigate forecasting formulas of order higher than second."
"Our results highlight important third-party consequences of changes in managerial fiduciary duties."
"This method utilizes iterative piecewise-linear approximation of the nonseparable objective function, but requires function values only along a translated set of axes, thereby avoiding the curse of dimensionality commonly associated with grid methods for multi-dimensional problems."
"The kinds and amounts of learning vary with the length of game play, with team success or failure, and with individual job assignment on the team."
"111–127."
"The discrete time, dynamic model considers both discrete random variables (incubation and infective periods, appearance and movement of rabid dogs through the city, etc.)"
"However, any questioning format, especially under market research conditions, introduces measurement error."
"Finally, we illustrate our results numerically to demonstrate the effects that the provider’s costs and her strategy have on her profit."
"To help meet competitive realities operations managers need to know more about the strategic aspects of manufacturing flexibility."
"The lag structure of advertising response was best captured by a Nerlove-Arrow-model."
"The only significant validity coefficient was −0.30 (1% level) with the criterion “job interest.”"
"We develop new asymptotically valid confidence interval estimators (CIE's) for the underlying mean of a stationary simulation process."
"For a project that consists of numerous jobs subject to technological ordering restrictions the polygon representing project cost versus completion time is to be determined when the normal and crash completion times are known for each job and the cost of doing the job varies linearly between these times."
"The authors further validate the robustness of their model under different profit conditions."
"Our review is broad, encompassing work in the academic fields of marketing, operations management, and engineering design."
"Under this consumer model, we characterize the steady-state distribution of demand for retailers given that each retailer holds a constant in-stock service level."
"Problems in this class are interesting for both practical and theoretical reasons."
"We then characterize the curvature of the decision weights by extending a condition employed by Wu and Gonzalez (1996) in the domain of risk to the domain of uncertainty and show that the nonlinearity of decision weights can be decomposed into subadditivity of probability judgments and the curvature of the probability weighting function."
"In other words, an advantage in customer loyalty leads to the store becoming the search hub of the nonloyal customers."
"In contrast, market followers adopt a price-fighting strategy."
"Results from two studies demonstrate that by embedding the theoretically derived mechanisms “providing feedback” and “designing for optimal challenge” into the collaboration environment, significant performance gains were realized."
"Our algorithm is implemented at Salzgitter Flachstahl GmbH, a major German steel producer."
"We use novel data on individual activity in a sports betting market to study the effect of past performance sequences on individual behavior in a real market."
"We model the interaction between a government and an industry player in a two-period game setting under uncertain demand."
"This paper provides simple guidelines to optimal bundling marketing strategies in this case."
"In this paper, we apply two gradient estimation procedures—perturbation analysis and the likelihood ratio/score function method—to derive estimators that can be used in gradient-based optimization algorithms and in sensitivity analysis when Monte Carlo simulation is employed."
"Some firms make all their products to order while others make them to stock."
"Finally, it is shown that, in contrast to a push system, in a pull system the suppliers can easily coordinate their production quantities to eliminate the inefficiency due to their decentralization."
"We build a model showing that, so long as investor beliefs are not perfectly correlated, investors disagree less about the value of a conglomerate than about each of its individual divisions."
"Contradictory to conventional wisdom, our results indicate that in a static market, consumers rather than firms, benefit from increasing network externalities, with competitive effects outweighing the surplus-extraction abilities of firms."
"This paper was accepted by Assaf Zeevi, stochastic models and simulation."
"The strongest bound obtainable in this way is combined with two enumeration schemes, the relative merits of which are discussed."
"We give biform models of various well-known business strategies."
"The first is a class of single stage problems involving joint machine capacity constraints and/or start up costs, and the second is a class of multistage problems with general product structure."
"On instances with a large number of shifts, our formulation shows superior performance and can model a wider variety of constraints."
"This paper was accepted by Martin Lariviere, operations management."
"Our results show that: (1) the direction and degree of bias depend on characteristics of the assessment gamble such as the reference probability and the difference between outcomes, (2) presenting subjects with explicit anchors can change the size and direction of the bias, and (3) subjects using heuristic response strategies show significantly more bias than those using expectation strategies."
"Using these methods, formulas (some involving recursive relationships) are developed for the partial moments of a number of frequently encountered distributions and compared with the corresponding formulas for complete moments."
"Another finding is that provider availability shocks delay and divert post-ER follow-up care."
"and Bechtold and Jacobs (Bechtold, S. E., L. W. Jacobs."
"Finally, we show that the mere threat of introducing the direct channel can increase the manufacturer's negotiated share of cooperative profits even if price efficiency is obtained by using other business practices."
"Models of this situation frequently conclude that the size of the order and production rate each influence the costs of production."
"Second, they can be used as inputs into allocative decisions within the organization."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.1909.This paper was accepted by James Smith, decision analysis."
"Thus, the decisions which will have the greatest effect on the users' acceptance or rejection of a system are made prior to the bulk of spending on the project, and an assessment of the project's probability of success or failure should be possible at that time."
"We believe that our approach will lead to further research to explore this important practical trade-off."
"The analysis was applied to a problem facing the photovoltaic program of the Department of Energy."
"It is shown that the existence of well-defined marginal rates of substitution along the estimated strongly efficient frontier segments requires the existence of Full Dimensional Efficient Facets (FDEFs)."
"The study, however, was incomplete in that it did not state or show that the time-weighted rate is the only well-behaved rate of return that is not influenced by contributions or withdrawals."
"This paper was accepted by James Smith, decision analysis."
"We estimate output growth contributions of IT and non-IT capital and discuss the contrasting policy implications for capital investment by developed and developing economies."
"As ideators with past success attempt to again come up with ideas that will excite the organization, they instead end up proposing ideas similar to their ideas that were already implemented (i.e., they generate less diverse ideas)."
"Our study bases fairness on notions of envy among individuals and groups."
"We further show that the censorship bias is exacerbated for higher degrees of censorship, higher variance in the population, and higher variability in the censorship points."
"We develop a model of knowledge sharing in alliances and alliance portfolios."
"If there is adverse selection after the entrepreneur has disclosed information, the unique outcome is a pooling equilibrium in which the entrepreneur pledges the entire cash flow."
"This paper attempts to search out the common ground between the normative, descriptive, and prescriptive modeling by exploring three types of axioms concerning structural rationality, preference rationality, and quasi-rationality."
"This paper develops regularity conditions for a class of convex programming problems (convex objective functions and linear constraints)."
"In line with recent developments in behavioral decision theory and game theory, which assume bounded rationality, we find that subjects follow simple rules of thumb in choosing strategies, reflected in the behavioral consistencies observed in the study."
"We also address a number of theoretical issues, among them a qualitative examination of the choice models implicitly learned by the approach."
"The situation where many possibilities are to be selected, subject to a budget constraint on total search and testing cost, is also treated."
"To efficiently compute optimal policies, we develop a dynamic programming approach that uses a novel state space that is general, capable of handling arbitrary problem primitives, and that generalizes to finite horizon problems with nonstationary parameters."
"We contrast this reputation-generating activity with activities that do not improve a user’s reputation."
"Second, the CNC may be used to derive a predictor of network computer processing time."
"Also, while a buy-back alone cannot coordinate the channel, coupling buy-backs with promotional cost-sharing agreements (if effort cost is observable), offering unilateral markdown allowances ex post (if demand is observable but not verifiable), or placing additional constraints on the buy-back (if demand is observable and verifiable) does result in coordination."
"The more accurate the estimate of the distribution, the higher the expected return will be from following the optimal strategy."
"Control is defined as all attempts to motivate individuals to achieve desired objectives, and it can be exercised via formal and informal modes."
"Richard G. Canning."
"We show that stores that have adopted this type of strategy usually set prices such that with high probability the merchandise is sold during the first periods and the largest discounts rarely take place."
"The algorithm is sequential in nature, producing a sequence of feasible solutions whose limit points are optimal solutions of the original problem."
"This problem is difficult computationally because one must in effect determine the optimal solution to an infinite number of nonlinear programs."
"Other Models."
"A numerical example, based on the data used to evaluate the educational enhancement of the Program Follow Through, is used to illustrate the proposed statistical procedures."
"Transportation models (ordinary and transhipment) having certain types of capacity constraints on the flows between origins and destinations are studied from the point of view of transforming them into enlarged standardized (non-capacitated) models."
"failure"
"New York: Columbia University Press, 1957, 418 pp.,"
"Probit and bivariate probit regressions also provide evidence of a strong positive relationship between computer ownership and entrepreneurship among women, but only limited evidence for men."
"and his recent book on the same subject, “Fights, Games and Debates,” provide mush valuable insight into the problems of conflict resolution."
"Administering ESR programs throughout a complex supply network, however, is challenging."
"We also discuss the connection between preferred rules and certain discounted process decision rules, and the role of preferred rules in optimal policies."
"Evidently, then, any individual firm may find itself out of line with these ratios at any moment of time depending on its status as an innovator, follower, etc."
"The only publication devoted entirely to the topic (12) is a compendium of papers of the latter type with little attempt to summarize or generalize."
"The authors analyze how to dynamically manage this accuracy/congestion trade-off."
"According to rational frictionless asset pricing models, the ability of accruals to predict returns should come from the loadings on this accrual factor-mimicking portfolio."
"This problem is one of the many optimization problems that the system management faces, and its solution, though suboptimal for the whole system, might contribute considerably to the overall system's performance and costs."
"Celebrity endorsers can cause negative publicity that can spill over to the endorsed brand."
"The inventory system is easily understood and managed if we know the distribution of the shortfall."
"Yet a significant body of research suggests that firms that sacrifice long-term investment to manage earnings are often rewarded for doing so."
"Firms differ on two dimensions: exogenous productivity and endogenously chosen amount of debt financing, resulting in a two-dimensional war of attrition."
"On the other hand, long production runs increase the average makespan (time to completion) of coils."
"failure"
"failure"
"We consider the problem in which several products have to be shipped from a supplier to a set of retailers over an infinite time horizon."
"This paper describes a.method for generalizing the conditioned sampling approach from its current use of product-form estimators to the use of product/convolution-form estimators."
"255 pp."
"It then gives a personal account of further developments over the past 30 years in linear utility theory, subjective probability and ambiguity, nonlinear preference and utility, stochastic dominance and inequality analysis, multiattribute utility theory, and the theory of social choice."
"In a queueing framework, we parameterize the degree of customer intensity of the service."
"A comparison is made with the approaches of Luce and Aumann, whose work is of a similar, but not equivalent, nature."
"The method has been implemented via an algorithm based on a second-order gradient technique that has proved extremely efficient on a considerable number of test problems of varying complexity."
"Following a JIT philosophy, we stop the entire line and repair the machine as soon as detect that the process has shifted to an out-of-control state."
"There is no basis for comparing our estimates with their estimates because they, in fact, use different data than we use and estimate a different cost function than we estimate."
"The procedure is based on a systematic evaluation (enumeration) of all possible task assignments to work stations."
"The reader is therefore cautioned that the publication of any Communication implies neither scientific standing nor acceptance per se on the part of either Management Science or TIMS."
"We illustrate our bounds and heuristics on problems with Poisson and Compound Poisson demands."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"failure"
"Then, the paper shows in a general setting that a contract under which each party shares a fraction of the output is superior to a contract under which one of them is paid only a flat fee when performance verifiability is sufficiently low."
"This paper is concerned with the decision problem faced by a firm which produces a non-storable commodity and has to spend large amounts of capital on a specialized factor that could remain idle part of the time because of fluctuations in production."
"Thirty-seven nonexpert subjects provided judgments of the relative importance of attributes in the tree using both hierarchical and nonhierarchical weighting procedures, and they rated the energy options on all attributes and all levels of the tree."
"We examine two dimensions of sustainability: whether the resources underlying a firm’s competitive advantage are economically imitable and, if so, how long imitation takes."
"Although the formal evaluation of the system is not clearly positive, both the system and the evaluation procedure appear to have substantial potential."
"The portfolio policies conform with conventional investment wisdom (e.g., richer people should invest more absolute amounts of money in risky assets; the longer the investment time horizon, the more proportional amount of money should be invested in risky assets; and for long-term investment, people should not short-sell major stock indices whose returns are higher than the risk-free rate), and the model provides a direct link with the constant relative risk aversion utility maximization in a complete market."
"The analytic proofs are supplemented by examples drawn from an empirical study of the U.S. airline industry."
"When quality asymmetry is on base goods only and with boundedly rational consumers, add-on pricing can diminish profit for a qualitatively superior firm and increase profit for an inferior firm (i.e., a lose–win result), compared to when add-on pricing is prohibited or infeasible."
"We characterize equilibrium outcomes, including ownership and usage levels, consumer surplus, and social welfare."
"In this paper we compare the performance of one-officer and two-officer police patrol units using travel time as the measure of performance."
"although remarkably efficient for small problems (Zionts [Zionts, Sanley."
"Using the discrete maximum principle of Optimal Control Theory, it is shown that under certain conditions a T-period media model can be decomposed into a sequence of T one-period models together with the determination of the corresponding carry-over effects using an iterative procedure."
"All of the observed teams viewed time to market as a critical measure of their success."
"The level of task interdependency dimension characterizes the influence of any given supplier-manufacturer interaction on other activities within an overall innovation process."
"A test for the existence of FDEFs is developed, and an operational two-stage procedure for efficiency evaluation relative to an over-all non-fixed technology is developed; the two-stage procedure provides a lower and an upper bound on the efficiency index for each DMU."
"failure"
"We first present a conceptual framework in which local investors optimally choose to focus their attention on local stocks when they receive private news, leading to an asymmetric allocation of attention between local and nonlocal investors."
"In practice, there may be multiple plausible distributions that can fit the input data reasonably well, especially when the data volume is not large."
"The elements of b, c and the matrix A are assumed to be random variables with a known probability distribution."
"In addition, variability may reduce the probability of flexibility ever being exercised, which also reduces its value."
"The conventional discounted utility model predicts that the three methods of elicitation should yield similar estimates of time preference, but preferences were found to differ in accordance with a reference point model."
"The subpar benefits for this group seem to emerge because those who benefit most from these schemes do not opt into them when they are voluntary."
"How to determine this level?"
"We find that individuals cheat about three times more when they interact with a machine rather than a person, regardless of whether the machine is equipped with human features."
"The application of this principle seems satisfactory in the experiments."
"We characterize the optimal trading strategy in terms of coupled integro-differential equations and develop a quite general iterative numerical solution procedure."
"We find that a negative history extracts a price: Movement through regressive patterns is negatively related to performance, and these relationships do not enjoy a fresh start."
"Research and practical development of data-anonymization techniques have proliferated in recent years."
"Included are discussions of parameter selection, convergence criteria, and methods of minimizing an unconstrained function."
"The following typographical errors appeared in our paper “Planning Horizon Procedures for Machine Replacement Models,” Management Science, Vol."
"Rationing and slack are both manifestations of ex post inefficiencies."
"Management Sci.14(9, May) 543–550.]"
"Erratum to: “Piecewise Loglinear Estimation of Efficient Production Surfaces”, Management Sci.32 (1, January) (1986) 126–135."
"On the basis of extensive computational experience, the solution procedures are seen to be extremely effective."
"Although there has been much attention in recent years on the effects of additive background risks, the same is not true for its multiplicative counterpart."
"3) Are the unique ideas more valuable than those similar to many others?"
"In addition, when the newsvendor cost is known, we obtain sharper lower and upper bounds on the long run average cost."
"for the paint factory case."
"Many suppliers are left perplexed as to why their approach is not effective anymore, and some are even concerned that their overall profits may have actually decreased due to their discount parameters."
"Target shareholders benefit from proxy contests: the average abnormal returns reach 6.5% around proxy contest announcements."
"The Behavioral Genetics of Behavioral Anomalies (p. 21)David Cesarini, Magnus Johannesson, Patrik K. E. Magnusson, Björn WallaceAre our economic decisions—such as consumption, savings, and portfolio selection decisions—a function of heredity or environment?"
"This paper was accepted by Haoxiang Zhu, finance."
"The bond portfolio problem is viewed as a multistage decision problem in which buy, sell, and hold decisions are made at successive (discrete) points in time."
"Using the Lanchester model to describe the dynamics of the market where two firms compete for customers by advertising, we solve the problem of determining an optimal advertising strategy for maximum discounted profits."
"Evaluation of a decision is based on utility functions which are assumed to be piecewise linear and concave."
"An additional important result noted during this time is an enlargement of the foreman's job."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, business strategy."
"failure"
"Optimal migration policies are compared with optimal static policies and the sufficient conditions under which file migration provides absolute improvement or no advantage over static policies are presented."
"The data may also serve as an interesting starting point for further research on cultural differences in behavioral economics."
"We derive two equilibria that resolve the trade-off between equality and efficiency by favoring either equality or efficiency."
"p. 696)Monic SunMost people like a bestseller; a high average rating indicates high product quality."
"Various suggestions for remedial action were tried out on a simulation version of the model and the results communicated to the board of directors."
"This paper provides exploratory evidence on the cross-sectional association between process management techniques and two profit measures: return on assets and return on sales."
"New York: Plenum Press, 1967, 198 pp.,"
"As a consequence, however, investors expect bail-ins rather than bailouts."
"Presignal terms engage the retailer before observing the forecast signal and induce her to decide under high uncertainty."
"I apply the methodology to school choice and show that restricting choices may be beneficial to student welfare."
"The system is controlled by a repair policy of control limit type: a preventive repair on the working unit is carried out as soon as the state of this unit exceeds a certain threshold unless the repair facility is occupied by the other unit."
"We consider the stability of the equilibrium arrival rate and equilibrium admission price at a service facility, using a generalization of an input-pricing model introduced by Dewan and Mendelson and further examined by Stidham."
"These are price-advertising interactions, transitory or short-run effects, and permanent or long-term effects."
"Problem-solving processes benefit from rich data that capture multiple perspectives on a problem, problem categories that are “fuzzy”, and organizational structures that facilitate the development of a common language for discussing problems."
"We analyze a general equilibrium model in which financial institutions generate endogenous systemic risk."
"Collectively, we find that the underlying relationship between occupancy and LOS is N-shaped."
"Linear discriminant analysis was used to address the question of whether risk takers can be differentiated from risk averters."
"We further explore the implications of those findings for information management in supply chains."
"The present paper is concerned with the constraints which enter in programming problems in the form of linear inequalities."
"There is therefore a need for examining ways of securing improved computational efficiency, as is done in this paper, instead of resting only on the linear programming equivalences that were set forth when the original goal programming article was published in Vol."
"If service rates are constant for each customer class, and excess arrivals are discarded, then the following two results hold: (1) The maximum possible output rate for the finite-capacity case equals the value of the customer arrival rate which just saturates the slowest server in the infinite-capacity case. ("
"Measures of these attributes can then be used to analyze potential improvements to the information manufacturing system under consideration."
"Publication, collaboration, and science intensity are associated with patented innovations; however, important scientific papers are negatively associated with high-impact innovations."
"We consider a firm which is constrained to meet a growing demand for each of its two services."
"We find that improvement programs like TQM can present firms with a tradeoff between short and long run effects."
"Our method makes no assumptions about the shape of the functions reflecting utility and regret."
"However, imperfect knowledge about their preferences may (discontinuously) lead individuals to select into incentive-incompatible commitments, which reduce their welfare."
"On the shortest route through a network."
"Our approach allows us to jointly estimate consumers’ heterogeneous preferences and search costs under the interplay of social media and search engines, and to predict search and purchase behavior for each consumer."
"Management Sci.22 (12, August) 1289–1298."
"Results indicate that the balance model is quite suitable in describing the acquisition decision."
"We propose a pure 0-1 formulation for the wireless network design problem, i.e., the problem of configuring a set of transmitters to provide service coverage to a set of receivers."
"The existence of such a “duality gap” indicates that Haar's statement needs qualification."
"Utilizing Moore-Penrose (generalized) inverses, other characterizations are also secured in which all relevant weights and coefficients are stated explicitly in terms of original data."
"The overall objective is to assign n objects to m mutually exclusive “clusters” such that the sum of the distances from each object to a designated cluster median is minimum."
"Unfortunately, a tremendous difference exists between the rate at which these methods are being generated and the rate at which they are being applied."
"An algorithm for the line balancing problem."
"The authors suggest that firms with strong networks of internal linkages are able to maintain tighter control over local innovation and reduce the risk that knowledge outflows will benefit competitors in clusters."
"To answer these questions, we develop an analytic model of component sharing and show through empirical testing that this model explains much of the variation in sharing practice for automotive braking systems."
"in his work on optimal advertising policies."
"Strategic supply chain design decisions are critical to the long-term success of a business."
"It will be shown in this paper that, because beta is measured by regressing one multiplicative variable (the rate of return of a security or a portfolio) on another multiplicative variable (the market), in the long run, the systematic risk will approach either zero or infinity."
"Given a set of rectangular pieces to be cut from an unlimited number of standardized stock pieces (bins), the Two-Dimensional Finite Bin Packing Problem is to determine the minimum number of stock pieces that provide all the pieces."
"We then use data from a sample of over 50 public Internet retailers to test whether empirical data are consistent with these hypotheses."
"The Basel II regulatory framework makes capital requirements vary across both banks and firms, which allows us to control for time-varying firm-level risk and bank-level credit supply shocks."
"We further prove that, as the number of problems grows large, Shrunken-SAA learns if pooling can improve upon decoupling and the optimal amount to pool, even if the average amount of data per problem is fixed and bounded."
"When the abundance of WOM is high, the introduction of WOM makes patients consider fewer doctors, browse for a shorter duration, and focus on doctors that are geographically more proximate."
"The attribute levels (means) may be taken to define the class, or performance of the product."
"Two-stage replacement strategies are described and related to manpower systems."
"Anticipating a higher premium, the low-demand firm has an incentive to pretend to have the higher demand forecast to obtain more profit."
"The results are quite robust (e.g., when the retailer chooses effort before observing demand), but coordinating contracts become more problematic if, for example, the retailer also stocks substitutes for the manufacturer's product."
"The conflict can be reconciled by the concept of “related diversification” (i.e., a firm with multiple operating units, each specializing in distinct but related activities)."
"First, effective coordination may depend on the level of (noncontractible) effort on the part of each agent; contracting complementarity results if coordination efforts are interdependent and vertical integration facilitates a higher level of noncontractible effort."
"In a study of the global semiconductor industry, the authors find that, in addition to serving as a mechanism for sourcing knowledge, strong internal linkages help firms increase internalization and create higher levels of technological interdependence across firm locations."
"The study shows no difference between user and nonuser groups in quality of solutions to the two problems."
"In addition to the policy we propose for supplying inventory to the retailers, we also consider three other policies that are based on these well-known policies in the literature: (a) can-order policy, (b) echelon inventory policy, and (c) fixed-replenishment interval policy."
"Finally, socially connected group members gave greater attention to the unique knowledge contributions of the socially isolated member than to the contributions of their socially connected other, but more favorably evaluated members to whom they were more favorably connected than those to whom they were not."
"The specific application covered a region 5 miles by 14 miles."
"We find a statistically and economically significant effect, implying that policies promoting content creation can substantially increase adoption."
"Opns Res."
"The average error with increases in variance of the leadtime distribution."
"We show that the choice of the delivery-time commitment requires a proper balance between the level of service capacity and customer sensitivities to delivery-time expectation and delivery quality."
"In the United States, the annual value of product returns is $60 billion, with an additional $40 billion spent to manage the return process."
"We analyze the allocation of objects in a network of caches that collaborate to service requests from customers."
"Finally (and especially relevant to supply transactions), the integration decision is an instrument in the incentive problem."
"Specifically, the firm faces two options: (i) a proven technology that is known to be viable and (ii) a prospective technology that offers superior price to performance results but whose viability is not a fully certain outcome."
"The breadth of an inventor's technological recombinations diminishes with increasing temporal distance to his education, but the differences between scientists and engineers persist over time."
"We find significant heterogeneity in market responses by country, industry, and firm."
"Two psychological concepts, the notion of risk-as-feelings and of an empathy gap, help account for regressive mispredictions."
"We propose a three-stage hierarchical approach in which decisions about the number of centers and their locations (first stage), customers allocations (second stage) and routing strategies (third stage) are combined to reduce total system cost."
"It is commonly believed that piracy of information goods leads to lower profits, which translate to lower incentives to invest in innovation and eventually to lower-quality products."
"In some locations, prices are set so that supply and demand are perfectly matched; overcongestion is induced in other locations, and some less profitable locations are indirectly priced out."
"Several external service vendors are available for this work."
"We place limits, for instance, on the received wisdom that firm-wide incentives and capable subordinates make top-level oversight less valuable."
"1978."
"Actually, none of the new methods really alters the basic situation: no one approach to managerial measurements is completely effective in all circumstances."
"In contrast to Fama and French (1992, 1993, 1995), we find that their restricted IOS is significantly different from the unrestricted IOS with the implication that the Fama-French tests are misspecified."
"Against a background of the history of business games, we first try to characterize the present development of these games."
"We also compare the results obtained with the optimal solution for a subset of the problems investigated."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"Of these components, the change in the level of impatience is theoretically thought to be the main driver of time inconsistencies and self-control problems."
"This project compares the performances of three highly rated computer algorithms prescribed for the solution of the plant layout problem with the performances of selected human subjects using the manual and visual methods still used and recommended by industrial engineers for plant layout design."
"Economic lot sizing and batching models often assume reliable manufacturing facilities."
"We apply our method to a standard supervised learning optimization problem as well as an online combinatorial optimization problem in a contextual bandit setting implemented in an Amazon production system."
"$12.00—reviewed by Herbert H. Jacobs;—Office Work and Automation."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"We then consider a noncooperative game in steady state between two retailers competing on the basis of their service levels."
"However, behavioral theory suggests that rather than updating their beliefs, individuals may persevere in their prior beliefs."
"The usual approach to evaluating these kinds of models is to construct a discrete approximation for each continuous distribution and compute value lotteries and certain equivalents using these discrete approximations."
"Two different bounds on the expected outdating are then used to construct two critical number approximations."
"Empirical work in industrial research organizations has provided data useful for better understanding researcher behavior during innovation."
"The largest impacts on futures prices were from intermediate-term growth rates of index positions and managed-money spread positions."
"Beginning in the late 1980s, Latin America countries began decreasing barriers to cross-border trade."
"Using bootstrapping simulation and regression analyses which specifically consider team starting position, we find (1) support for Hogarth and Makridakis' finding that a consistent strategy outperforms a random one, and (2) statistical disconfirmation for their second finding, that consistently managed arbitrary teams perform quite well in comparison with human management teams."
"For that Mt/M/st + M model, simulation experiments show that the ISA yields time-stable delay probabilities across a wide range of target delay probabilities."
"Overall, these systems are valuable in terms of recognizing TQM firms and promoting awareness of TQM."
"Moreover, when competition is intense and the cost of information low, identical firms do not acquire the same amount of cost information—even when information is free."
"The reactions of government officials and executives in private industry to management science are analyzed."
"His information seeking therefore increases over time."
"Results suggest that both parties are subject to this basic human bias: the perceived difference between $9- and the next $0-ending payments is larger than $1, especially between $99- and $00-ending payments."
"Book Reviews—Organizations, by James G. March and Herbert A. Simon, with the collaboration of Harold Guetzkow."
"Software contracting is a multi-faceted issue that involves legal, economic, managerial and technological considerations."
"A dynamic programming algorithm, incorporating the concept of candidate subplan, is then devised which has run time complexity of O(T2)."
"The applicability of productivity measurement systems to Federal Government organizations is discussd."
"This paper presents a Markov decision process model that combines features of engineering design models and aggregate production planning models to obtain a hybrid model that links biological and engineering parameters to optimize operations performance."
"Introduction of approximate single-item prices allows for endogenous bid determination where bidders can discover packages that were not included in the original bid set."
"As profit margins decrease, the networks seek to improve their viewer ratings with innovative scheduling strategies."
"Unequivocal recommendations to take the siren action are less effective because the false certainty makes them more vulnerable to the “cry wolf” effect."
"In his 1984 paper in Management Science, McEntire conjectured that all concave utility functions satisfy his independence-from-irrelevant-assets (IIA) property."
"In this paper, we introduce a new network design model which directly addresses survivability in terms of a survivability constraint which specifies the allowable level of lost traffic during a network failure under prescribed conditions."
"The recommendations were implemented promptly, and with due regard for political impact, in the midst of a mayoralty election campaign."
"When interacting with a human, individuals are particularly reluctant to report unlikely and therefore, suspicious outcomes, which is consistent with social image concerns."
"In the second part, this idea is applied to a particular problem to determine the inventory that is changing ten months in a year by regular reduction for use in production and by supplies arriving by ships, randomly distributed following the Poisson distribution."
"Subsequently, other countries such as Canada have also begun mandating reporting of interruptions to alleviate drug shortages."
"Management Sci.49(7) 907–919), that examined various structures for achieving horizontal flexibility within a single level of a supply chain."
"A technique for comparing and combining the effects of structurally redundant inputs is presented."
"An executive decision making game was used in two sections of a business strategy course."
"This paper was accepted by Anandhi Bharadwaj, information systems."
"failure"
"It is shown that there exists an upper bound to total productive output which is independent of the number of employees; and that as the organization size is increased the efficiency generally first rises and then falls off inversely proportionally to the number of employees."
"A Monte Carlo scheme called simulated annealing is used as an optimisation technique."
"If the investor is able to form a portfolio containing both assets, does the fact that he can express a preference over the marginal distributions of the rates of return of the assets allow us to state qualitative restrictions on the composition of his optimal portfolio?"
"In recent years, performance measurement has become the focus of attention in a variety of public sector fields."
"1958."
"The project was described in terms of both a world oil market and a taxation environment."
"failure"
"Specifically, such a frame of reference can perform the useful function of pointing to the variables which need to be measured."
"This MMAE implementation features the use, in parallel, of a bank of three Kalman filters."
"It depends on the level of competition in the marketplace."
"Informal tone at the top (TATT) is widely regarded as a fundamental ingredient of organizational control, yet because of its soft nature, the scholarship on TATT has not emphasized mathematical modeling."
"A model is presented for the allocation of company resources to research proposals."
"The results of a laboratory experiment and a large field experiment converge to support our account."
"Conditions are provided under which commitment to a long-term contract involving N rounds of investment improves upon repetition of N identical single-period contracts."
"Feedback and training did not mitigate inventory order errors."
"We examine the role of target firms’ accounting quality in the merger and acquisition process."
"Furthermore, the behavior of the expected total cost rate as the function of the relevant parameters is explored."
"No shipments are allowed between retailers."
"Furthermore, it should be possible to base the design on several workload and potential criteria."
"Our results provide empirical support for the usefulness of recent risk-return conceptualizations of risky choice (Bell [Bell, D. E. 1995."
"This paper develops a tractable methodology for designing an optimal priority system for assigning agents to heterogeneous items while accounting for agents’ choice behavior."
"The author investigates the impact of social ties on the effectiveness of boards of directors."
"Some subsidy is generally better than no subsidy for a wide range of parameters."
"Using the variation in state-level changes in inheritance, gift, and estate taxes as an exogenous shock to family control, we find that family firms, particularly those in which a founder serves as chief executive officer or those in which a family member serves as a director on the board, treat their employees better than nonfamily firms."
"failure"
"Order up-to policies continue to be optimal for models with information flow for the finite horizon, the infinite horizon discounted and the infinite horizon average cost cases."
"We show that the eventual structure of ESR negotiation relationships can be derived by finding a shortest path tree in the supply network with the arc cost defined as the logarithm of the negotiating parties’ relative bargaining power."
"Using thousands of brokerage accounts of U.S. individual investors, we analyze the motivations and consequences of foreign equity investment."
"Customers’ product preferences and attention spans are correlated and unknown to the retailer; furthermore, the retailer cannot exploit similarities across products, owing to the fact that the products are not necessarily characterized by a set of attributes."
"A key issue is whether high levels of quality can be achieved without adversely impacting cycle time and effort."
"To test this theoretical presumption, one has to measure the change in the level of impatience independently from utilities and levels of impatience."
"When prominent VCs participate, replacement CEOs are disproportionately experienced outsiders—external hires who possess prior startup CEO experience."
"Neural networks, especially, have received a lot of attention because of their universal approximation property."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1961, pp."
"1991."
"We consider the problem of quoting customer lead times in a manufacturing environment under a variety of modeling assumptions."
"In numerical experiments its performance proves comparable to that of other closed-form heuristics described in the literature, but this policy is particularly easy to implement and interpret."
"Planning for finished tires, green tires and for components is included as the model is developed."
"Regular orders are placed periodically following a base stock policy on inventory position, and arrive at the stocking location after a deterministic lead time."
"Certain data and design features allow us to better control for other factors that might lead to the observed difference in the cost of debt between the two groups of firms."
"The insight for management: Competition among investors when valuable resources are rare creates an organization with centralized supervision, which leads to lower offers."
"Surprisingly, the introduction of the fixed fee fails to increase channel efficiency."
"When firms provide reward programs, if a firm sets a higher price than the other and sells less today, in the future the firm can benefit from the other firm's larger reduction in available capacity through rewards."
"Price $6.25—reviewed by Harold Freeman;—Mathematical Programming and Electrical Networks by Jack B. Dennis, published jointly by the Technology Press of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and John Wiley & Sons, Inc., New York, 1959, pp."
"Efficiency of the subsequent network extraction is dependent on the implementation, in predictable ways."
"Interestingly, the seller's ability to ration (rationing flexibility) sometimes disadvantages the seller; this effect is independent of product quality."
"The word “leadership” has been widely used."
"The distribution function may then be determined by substitution of an easily calculated variable into the distribution function of the random variable."
"This observation in turn suggests that environmental change is not a self-evident call for strategies of greater exploration."
"First, since individual traders are hired because they possess a richer information on their specific market segment than senior management, they just have to follow consistently the prudential targets set by senior management to ensure that decentralized VaR control will work in a coherent way."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"We find that node collapses directly affect the performance of the acquirer and indirectly that of other actors, and that the direction of network evolution hinges on the degree to which firms pursue internal versus network synergies through node collapses."
"Although using a surrogate outcome (instead of the true outcome) as the primary endpoint can substantially speed up clinical trials and lower costs, it can also result in poor drug-approval decisions because the surrogate is not a perfect predictor of the true outcome."
"Using difference-in-difference estimations, I show that the 2010 British Petroleum oil spill increased the general skills needed by oil and gas firms and that, consequently, their use of lobbyists for hire increased."
"The insight for management: There are challenges in maintaining an ongoing supply of high-quality ideas from the crowd over time."
"This paper investigates the impact of e-waste regulation on new product introduction in a stylized model of the electronics industry."
"We further find that the sentiment effect on vesting terms is more pronounced when firms are largely held by investors with short investment horizons (e.g., transient institutions)."
"No comprehensive analysis of such a broad problem is possible within the scope of this paper."
"Thus, when supplier prices are endogenous, double marginalization may offset the additional buyer profit enabled by higher ordering flexibility."
"The insights gained from our model can help hospital managers to choose among different policies to implement depending on the choice of objective, such as to reduce the peak waiting in the morning or to reduce daily waiting time statistics."
"As in the motivating scenario, both the supplier's resource allocation and capability are assumed to be hidden from the buyer."
"Both attendance and wagering are found to increase with an increase in racing quality."
"The strategic use of first-party content by two-sided platforms is driven by two key factors: the nature of buyer and seller expectations (favorable versus unfavorable) and the nature of the relationship between first-party content and third-party content (complements or substitutes)."
"What factors drive the changes in shareholder values of the partner firms?"
"An example involving twenty jointly replenished items is solved to illustrate the procedure given in the paper."
"Contrary to previously reported results there is a strong learning phenomenon."
"In this paper we analyze the Maritime Safety Program of the U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), which is responsible for monitoring the quality of vessels that sail in U.S. waters, and present measures of effectiveness (MOEs) for the Program."
"Error differences among the three methods were significant (1:0.8:0.2) yet small (less than 2% on the average) for many practical situations."
"These techniques have two advantages over traditional separable programming methods."
"This paper considers the deterministic capacity expansion problem with deterioration."
"The prevalence of broad front technological strategies, and of divisionalisation, increases sharply with firm size, together with dependence on formal R and D activities."
"John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1959—reviewed by H. N. Nanjundiah;—Probability and Statistical Inference for Engineers by Cyrus Derman and Morton Klein."
"Given their pyramid structure, it is not surprising that one commonly used motivator is the promotion tournament."
"The critical dimension of user participation is overall responsibility."
"Multiattribute auctions extend traditional auction settings to allow negotiation over nonprice attributes such as weight, color, and terms of delivery, in addition to price and promise to improve market efficiency in markets with configurable goods."
"The explicit risk pooling uncertainty set grows by no more than the square of the number of retailers."
"We address multi-item inventory systems with random and seasonally fluctuating, and possibly correlated, demands."
"Finally, the results imply that a multi-business corporation which possesses a portfolio of product R&D-intensive businesses probably requires a more diverse set of interdependencies than, for example, simply mainstream centralized industrial R&D organization, on the one hand, and independent entrepreneurial units on the other hand."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"We consider the problem of ordering perishable inventory when there is uncertainty in both the demand and the lifetime of the product."
"The intent is to derive better distance estimating functions for analyzing systems with distance related performance measures."
"Seventy subjects were tested, using an (order-controlled) within-subject design, in comparing the different methods of weight determination."
"Lagrangean relaxation is applied so as to exploit the availability of highly efficient techniques for minimum cost network flow problems and for single-item dynamic lot-sizing type problems."
"Management Sci.31(March) 369–373.)"
"The results of some computational experiments and a large bibliography are included as well."
"The seasonal factor models are Winters' three parameter model and a single parameter model developed by the author."
"Dynamic programming is the methodology used to construct the stay/leave model."
"This paper considers a continuous review multi-item inventory system with compound Poisson demand processes; excess demands are backlogged and each replenishment requires a lead time."
"The objective is to optimize an expected value functional defined relative to the indicated choices."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Data presented in this analysis suggest that the majority of problems were those concerned with allocation in the production functional area and that linear programming was the most widely used technique."
"failure"
"Under this model, we show that the persistency problem maximizing the expected objective value over the set of distributions can be solved via a concave maximization model."
"However, repeated interaction under cooperation of a team may lead to decreasing overall output over time because the benefits of the team working together may exogenously decrease over time."
"The model and framework identify conditions under which various types of overlapping are appropriate for a pair of coupled activities."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Then, assuming that the Decision Maker’s Most Preferred Solution maximizes his/her underlying (unknown) value function, we approximate the indifference contour of the value function at this point with its possible tangent hyperplanes."
"failure"
"Scheduling the use of water power."
"New York: Delacorte Press, 1968, 243 pp.,"
"The planning function appears to be a status generator, presumably because planning is closely associated with top managements' interests."
"1962."
"Weather and demand uncertainties, allocation of production between different refineries, joint- and by-product relations, storage limitations, maintenance of minimal supplies and many other factors need to be considered."
"The relative contribution of a trading system to price discovery depends on liquidity, volatility, volume, trade size, and order imbalance."
"Many marketing problems which promise to be amenable to the techniques of operations research have apparently not been subjected to systematic analysis."
"This evidence comes from experiments in which advisors attempt to sell their advice."
"The results suggest that Bayesian networks have distinct advantages over the other methods in accuracy of prediction, transparency of procedures, interpretability of results, and explanatory insight."
"It was found that these and related operating problems could be handled in an engineering fashion so that operations research would be more effective."
"Even if the inaccuracy is small, an inadequately calibrated prediction model may cause substantial losses."
"Detailed discussions are limited to a small group of papers which seem important to us, and there is considerable emphasis on recent work appearing in the applied probability literature."
"The variance of setup time, service rate and arrival rate is shown to have a powerful and sometimes paradoxical influence."
"Additional constraints may be imposed on the hub selection to ensure network survivability."
"Management Sci.15(4, December) B-208–B-212.]"
"Also, the efficiency evaluations in input and output spaces are based on different technologies assumptions."
"The studies were also concerned with finding out what journals scientists read, what parts of journals, the purposes for which they are read, and the variance of costs of disseminating information through journals, as well as the effect which characteristics of employing organizations have on the way a scientist spends his time."
"$12.95;—Lukacs, Clara and Emma Tarjan, Mathematical Games."
"This paper discusses several (unsatisfactory) attempts to make these two sets of decisions consistent, and then presents several ways of making trigger and lot-size inventory decisions (production decisions for individual products) that aim at minimizing total inventory costs while yielding a desired level of aggregate factory production."
"Incremental experiential learning has been suggested as an alternative form of organizational intelligence, less demanding cognitively yet capable of considerable power."
"In the second phase, a stable full cost allocation method is developed that will not induce the divisions to form coalitions to reduce the allocated joint costs."
"We argue that the protection of tacit technological knowledge from potential opportunism is of importance to technologically innovative firms, and as a result they tend to have a relatively larger number of partnership agreements which generally minimize the transfer of tacit technological knowledge."
"This linear programming technique may turn out to be an efficient alternative to the functional equation approach in the numerical analysis of such problems."
"The proposed model can explain the phenomena of payments bunching and differential interest rates for loans with different ending digits."
"The present study examines the use of a similar, newly-developing organizational form for purposes of innovation; namely, the internal corporate joint venture (ICJV), which has characteristics of both traditional joint ventures and internal corporate venturing."
"The concepts thereby become basic to management organization and to control and communication from the data processing point of view."
"In this case the criticality of an activity is known as the “criticality index,” which is defined as the sum of the criticality indices of the paths containing it."
"We study a pricing and information provisioning game between a better-informed seller (such as a retailer) and its customers."
"This paper asks whether affirmative action can have a similar corrective impact when qualified individuals fail to apply for a job."
"Longitudinal field data show that corporate entrepreneurs follow a “moving, anchored search” for growth possibilities."
"In Part II, we provide analytic support and justification for these principles."
"For the average broadband use in schools, grades reduced 0.78 of a standard deviation from 2005 to 2009."
"We contrast the roles of consumers’ strategic (pecuniary) motives with their behavioral (nonpecuniary) motives in affecting purchase, pricing, and inventory decisions."
"In an earlier paper (“Some Models of Inventory and an Application”, Management Science, Vol."
"Do Auctioneers Pick Optimal Reserve Prices? ("
"To reduce lead-time and its variability, modern supply and transportation contracts often specify the frequency of, and volume available for, future deliveries in advance even when final demand is somewhat uncertain (Yano and Gerchak [Yano, C. A., Y. Gerchak."
"Design for manufacturing (DFM) has been promoted as a way to enhance product development and production system performance."
"The contribution of this paper is a characterization of the asymptotic distribution of a general capitalized random variable as the time-invariant rate of discount approaches zero."
"The model explains 66.7% of the within-firm variation and 97.2% of the total variation (across and within firms) in inventory turnover."
"Subgradient optimization is used to maximize the Lagrangean."
"To break this cycle, we investigate the impact of work design factors on responses to operational failures."
"We conducted four randomized field experiments among 1,801 hosts on Airbnb by creating fictitious guest accounts and sending accommodation requests to them."
"It was also found experimentally that the single time estimate used in CPM gave a slightly biased estimate of the mean, whereas the three time estimates used in PERT gave unbiased estimates of the mean."
"Tuning experiments for the network system, GNET, are reported along with important extensions such as exploitation of special problem structure, element generation techniques, postoptimality analysis, operation with problem generators and external problem files, and a simple noncycling pivot selection procedure which guarantees finiteness for the algorithm."
"This methodology is illustrated using an existing set of data collected for a major telecommunication equipment manufacturer."
"To study the competition in capacity at the strategic level, we construct a two-stage game in which the firms compete in terms of their capacities in stage 1 and in terms of PDT in stage 2."
"I find that most of Joglekar and Hamburg's (1983), (1986) conclusions are confirmed by the new model."
"The algorithm is “user oriented” in the sense that only a small amount of forecasting work and computation ordinarily must be done to determine the horizon; the nature of the algorithm also makes the exact dependence of the horizon on the forecast clear for sensitivity analysis."
"Data taken from the literature for the proposal activity of an aerospace company over a period of three years show good agreement between actual and calculated expenditures."
"Planning for freedom."
"A well-established theoretical result, assuming risk neutrality of the seller, is that the optimal reserve price should not depend on the number of participating bidders."
"It is also shown that the derived product/convolution-form estimators may require a precedence structure within the sampling sequence which creates their corresponding realizations."
"But other situations are discussed and examples presented which indicate that the optimal design is preferred."
"This paper presents a structural and a mathematical framework for the analysis and/or synthesis of a large class of production systems."
"A dynamic multi-product, multi-facility production and inventory model."
"In addition, we examine utility decompositions which can arise when factors in a stochastic tree are treated as attributes in a multiattribute utility function."
"Finally, we find that the effect of new advertising is channeled through market size dynamics, while that of product innovation operates through market share dynamics."
"The game-theoretical approach provides expressions for the fines that the operator should be charged if it does not satisfy the contracted services, and for the optimal agency’s budget to devote to control activities."
"In this paper, we develop distribution-free models that solve the appointment sequencing and scheduling problem by assuming only moments information of job durations."
"The paper presents a minimum-cost flow approach for dynamic assignment procedures for networks with storage devices over time."
"Secondly, the present models are too restrictive and do not include the variables that a marketing manager has at his disposal."
"The optimum schedule is likely to be one of these combinations."
"For the series tested, the Exponential Smoothing and Moving Average methods were about equal in overall performance for intermediate range forecasts (next six months' demand)."
"In large organizations (and those with low turnover) mentoring and cadres are appropriate."
"This paper studies the strategy of sharing inventory information for a firm that sells two vertically differentiated products."
"We find that information acquisition via EDGAR is associated with a significant reduction in analysts’ forecasting error relative to their peers."
"Our results highlight sector-specific heterogeneity in the information needed to effectively screen ventures, a finding that has implications for the design of optimal investment strategies."
"For example, one of the first CPDOs, ABN AMRO's Surf, was rated AAA by Standard and Poor's (S&P) and earned considerable attention in the financial press and industry awards such as Risk magazine's “Deal of the Year” in February 2007."
"These distribution systems are characterized by the explicit inclusion of probabilistic elements."
"We provide examples from our fieldwork to support this view."
"Unfortunately, the optimal policy is too complex to allow a direct answer to our key question."
"We study its role in the shift toward value-based care, as it is viewed as an avenue for achieving reductions in the cost and utilization of expensive downstream healthcare services."
"Sharing Demand Information in Competing Supply Chains with Production Diseconomies (p. 566)Albert Y. Ha, Shilu Tong, Hongtao ZhangIs more shared information in the supply chain always better?"
"In my paper [Goyal, S. K. 1974."
"We present a new, centralized ordering policy that orders for all retailers simultaneously."
"Diversification gave firms both financing and investment advantages."
"Finally, in response to question 3, we show that the previous results can be used to determine the optimal office size in terms of throughput."
"This paper was accepted by Terry Taylor, operations management."
"Applied studies of F&P are also reviewed and shown to mirror many of the findings from psychology."
"These weighting functions capture risk attitudes, subjective beliefs, and ambiguity attitudes."
"However, DEA is subject to outlier data."
"Our findings underscore the need to design processes to reduce the occurrence of IRI and highlight factors that can be incorporated into inventory planning tools developed to account for its presence."
"Microenterprises constitute an important source of employment, and developing such enterprises is a key policy concern in most countries."
"Frequently, each party will be uncertain about the other's reservation price."
"Arrangements are made with a bank in the selected city to withdraw the checks, cash them and wire-transfer the funds to the firm's principal bank."
"It is shown that many of the inventory models discussed in the literature are special cases of the model here described."
"Ann Arbor, Michigan: The University of Michigan Press, 1970, 331 pp.,"
"We propose an optimal combining strategy to mitigate estimation risk for the popular mean-variance portfolio choice problem in the case without a risk-free asset."
"The stochastic process which describes the fluctuations is shown to be applicable to a wide variety of physical situations."
"Retailer- vs. vendor-managed inventory and brand competition."
"This paper describes a computer-based corporate planning system which combines the analytical power of optimization with simulation capabilities and more specialized planning models as elements of an interactive management system."
"47(2):236–249] by introducing costs of default if loans have to be called in by a failing bank."
"Tools to compute these bounds (and in some cases the actual error) are also provided."
"Common informed trading in equity options offers an integrated explanation for the ability of IVS to predict both future stock market returns and real economic activity."
"The main responsibility to mitigate the hazmat transport risk at a population zone belongs to the government agency with jurisdiction over that region."
"No hormone responds to total profits in the auctions except for a small positive response of the stress hormone cortisol in males."
"Our approach does not require strong distributional assumptions and applies to constrained, possibly nonconvex, nonsmooth optimization problems such as vehicle-routing, economic lot-sizing, or facility location."
"$12.50;—Hannan, Edward J., Time Series Analysis."
"Our predictions are consistent with empirical evidence that firm-specific risk has increased over time, average corporate earnings have declined, and firms’ organizational structures have also flattened."
"In the second model if the server finds the system empty at the end of a vacation, he immediately takes another vacation, etc."
"The risk exposure of investors must be understood both for the development of risk reduction measures and for the establishment of suitable guidelines for capital compensation."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"An alternate procedure, based upon single-item inventory control, was also tested; its results were compared with those obtained from the linear programming model."
"Several difficulties are encountered when solving the sample problem, especially for large problem instances, and we propose practical heuristics to deal with these difficulties."
"We analyse how to design incentive schemes for agents producing information."
"The methodology is to build a business firm from detailed models of its subsystems."
"The characteristic line of a security or portfolio relates its rate of return to that of a “market portfolio.”"
"Here we consider a problem that, to the best of our knowledge, has not been addressed until now: how to assign subsets of proposals to reviewers in scenarios where the reviewers supply their evaluations through ordinal ranking."
"The inventory problem for continuous time is studied under the following assumptions about the demand process (1) an arbitrary distribution of the length of intervals between successive demands; (2) a distribution of the quantity demanded which is independent of the last quantity demanded and any previous events but may depend on the time elapsed since the last demand; (3) unfilled orders are backlogged."
"Finally, some problems, related to the assignment problem, are informally discussed."
"Sensitivity studies show that the difference between the two systems is due to the fact that the work load-based policy takes into account patient differences."
"Based on the proposition that leasing is environmentally superior to selling, some firms have adopted a leasing strategy and others promote their existing leasing programs as environmentally superior to “green” their image."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Other distinctions, such as single play versus repetitive-play games, appear to be more important in the subjective formulation than in the conventional formulation."
"A model captures the tradeoffs between the cost of centralized (duplicated) review, and the opportunity cost and risk of having (otherwise) “unacceptable” projects."
"At the uppermost entrepreneurial levels planning is almost exclusively an intuitional affair."
"Typical evacuation clearance times and track uncertainty imply that public officials who require no more than a 10% probability of failing to evacuate before a striking hurricane (a false negative) must accept that at least 76%—and for some locations over 90%—of evacuations will be false alarms."
"The analysis leads to several simple “rules of thumb” which should prove useful to the practicing manager."
"J. Political Econom. ("
"Using a simple analytical model with two competing platforms, we show that the presence of ad blockers can actually benefit platforms."
"We then suggest other contracts that do not result in this type of undesirable behavior from a contract customer's perspective."
"These results deepen our understanding of the impact of organizational structure and product architecture on the NPD process and provide tools with which managers can diagnose and improve their NPD systems."
"Economic aspects are addressed through the use of different production functions and the incorporation of several objectives."
"Fundamental analytical tools will come especially from the behavioral sciences, economics, and quantitative methods (including the use of mathematics)."
"A sequence of coils of sheet metal needs to be color coated in consecutive stages."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"An experimental study on several real-world data sets demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed approach."
"Drawing on comprehensive internal documents of the DuPont Company over a 20-year period, we develop a search process that is a departure from frequent depictions of search as local or random."
"Thus, these policies retain the strong large-sample performance of traditional methods and additionally enjoy provably strong performance in the small-data, large-scale regime."
"We find that firms benefit more from a knowledge system when they are larger, face the same issues more frequently, have higher turnover, and face problems about which there is less general knowledge."
"The above conclusions withhold various robustness tests."
"$7.50—reviewed by Wroe Aldersen and Stanley J. Shapiro;—Proceedings of the 1959 Computer Applications Symposium, Sponsored by Armour Research Foundation of Illinois Institute of Technology."
"The evolution of an earnings profile is consistent with these sorting patterns: the earnings trajectories of basic and applied scientists are distinct from each other in academia but are similar in industry."
"The prediction criteria were percentage correct predictions as well as correlations (using these twenty pairs)."
"We also examine how loyalty differences lead to variations in the depth and frequency with which price discounts are offered across brands in the same product category."
"Without the values of performance measures for all objectives for each of the alternatives, the decision-maker's choice among them rests on his preference weightings of the modelled objectives alone."
"The demand curve for the final product is assumed to be linear, as are production costs in all sectors."
"Message delay is a consequence of the priority assignment given a message, and in many cases enhances the effectiveness not only of the operating unit but of the organization as a whole."
"Two risk neutral division managers share a common (production) facility and decide on (a) the demand (usage) rates, and (b) productive action."
"This gain is robust to uncertainty over the true underlying failure rate."
"This explains switching risk-return relationships better than changing environmental conditions."
"Due to the allure of equality, the effects are harder to observe when an equal earnings contract is available."
"The efficacy of conditional Monte Carlo and its use in conjunction with other Monte Carlo methods is illustrated for the Wheatstone bridge network."
"In addition, we show that simple coordination mechanisms can be designed such that the collection effort of the retailer and the supply chain profits are attained at the same level as in a centrally coordinated system."
"In this pacer, armament, buildup between two nations is modeled as a multistage game problem."
"$10.50;—Miller, James M., Automate on Conversion of a Trust Department."
"Our findings shed light on the formation of moral judgment under normative conflict, the conditions for preference reversal, and the potential polarization of moral judgment under joint evaluation."
"At discrete points in time a sequence of maintenance decisions is to be made."
"For example, when the advisors both say an event is “likely,” participants will say that it is “very likely.”"
"Alternate quadratic programming formulations which approximate general functions (not necessarily polynomials) by polygonal segmentation are presented here."
"Since only a subset of workers sign NCAs, scaling this estimate by the prevalence of NCA use in the hourly-paid population suggests that the effect on employees actually bound by NCAs may be as great as 14%–21%, though the true effect is likely lower due to labor market spillovers onto those not bound by NCAs."
"A high point of our computational testing occurred when the enumerative version of the Shifting Bottleneck Procedure found in a little over five minutes an optimal schedule to a notorious ten machines/ten jobs problem on which many algorithms have been run for hours without finding an optimal solution."
"Moreover, we show that our algorithm gives at least the roof dual bound and should give better results in practice."
"Often in such cases, a small group of the public incur the risks, whereas a different group of the public receives the benefits from the project."
"Weekly data for 10 years from the firm’s production and human resource tracking systems are augmented by surveys of managers and engineers and by extensive firsthand observation."
"We present a simple model for decision making under uncertainty building on dual-process theories from psychology, and use it to illustrate a possible component of intuitive decision making of particular relevance for managerial settings."
"Consistent with this hypothesis, we find that turnover and return volatility of the underlying stocks are positively associated with the warrants' unexpected turnover and price deviation from their fundamental values during the previous day, controlling for information-driven trading and hedging motives, and that such a spillover effect is more pronounced when warrants attract more investor attention."
"New York, Evanston and London: Harper & Row Publishers, 1964, $5.00, 240 pp—reviewed by Leopold R. Michel."
"On the other hand, it increases the risk of fixation on the incorporated features, which may inhibit the generation of novel ideas."
"Thus, for this task context, evidence is presented which runs counter to popular beliefs."
"The problem considered is that of finding the decision rule which maximizes the expected length of time between replacements subject to the side conditions that the probabilities of replacement through certain undesirable states are bounded by prescribed numbers."
"The many practical and conceptual reasons why experiments in the classical sense cannot be conducted lead us to consider a less rigorous form of inquiry called an investigation."
"formulation of the deterministic line balancing problem and thus represents a modification of previous work by Kao (Kao, E. P. C. 1976."
"Intrinsic risk attitude concerns the relationship between risk attitude, measured by the utility function u(x), and strength of preference, measured by the value function v(x)."
"Though not foreclosing the use of optimization techniques, filtering represents a fundamental departure from the perspective on collective choice implicit in these techniques."
"The diagnostic process consists of a search problem in which the service provider conducts a sequence of imperfect tests to determine the customer's type."
"We further discuss practical implications of these bounds."
"Next, it is applied as a theory for business, and an illustrative model of the systems concept is developed to show the business application."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2604.This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Alternative solutions can be generated by varying the routing options included in the model for each shipment."
"1964."
"An experimental computer code."
"They isolate the current choice from future opportunities and neglect the statistics of the past in evaluating current plans."
"Starting from a data flow diagram of the type used in structured analysis, the model yields a representation of possible errors in multiple intermediate and final outputs in terms of input and process error functions."
"In two-stage models we also find that prominent venture capitalists might help their portfolio companies by steering them to effective technology strategies, in this case active participation in the IETF, and not simply by lending status."
"An alternative is a “dynamic level-k” model, where players choose a rule from a rule hierarchy."
"Conflict within such organizations occurs over mutually dependent claims to shares of limited resources necessary to further specialist aims and programs."
"The purpose of this paper is to show the mathematical treatment of the problem of periodic reinvestments by an amount equal to depreciation different from one which was given in [3]."
"failure"
"Base case results and sensitivity analysis are presented and compared to results obtained by previous approaches."
"The aim of this paper is to clarify which assumptions are actually involved and to develop modifications such that the input and output based measures are consistent."
"A basic model highlighting the moderating influence of the hybrid firm on both channels is extended to account for differential network externalities and switching costs across the two channels."
"Management Sci.9(4) 643–666.]"
"The authors examine the consequences of add-on pricing with consumers who are unaware of the add-on fees at the time of initial purchase."
"The results suggest that the exercise of procedural justice inspires managers to go beyond the call of duty and engage in innovative actions, spontaneous cooperation, and creative behavior on behalf of the organization in their execution of decisions."
"In this paper we investigate some of the organizational factors that influence subsidiary-headquarters and intersubsidiary communication in multinational companies."
"Results show that the proposed procedure requires about 1/2 to 3/4 to the computer time of its nearest competitor, a procedure designed to be especially efficient when applied to penalty functions, and about 1/3 the time of the other competitor, the 2 point cubic search using derivatives."
"Based on a large-scale numerical analysis, we find that more frequent new-product introductions are optimal under faster clockspeed conditions."
"Based on this observation we develop two importance-sampling techniques that have the bounded relative error property, i.e., the simulation run-length required to estimate the rare-event probability to a fixed degree of accuracy remains bounded as the event of interest becomes more rare."
"But if the products being offered are complex, does that hamper the ability of bidders to evaluate the bundles and thus reduce their willingness to bid?"
"The “rationing” of resources within organizations.3."
"We revisit the model proposed by Gollier and Muermann [Gollier C, Muermann A (2010) Optimal choice and beliefs with ex ante savoring and ex post disappointment."
"We perform comparative statics on the relative benefit of our approach, illustrating the types of diseases and surrogates for which our proposed design is particularly advantageous."
"WPVaR serves as a VaR approximation for portfolios containing long positions in European options expiring at the end of the investment horizon, whereas WQVaR is suitable for portfolios containing long and/or short positions in European and/or exotic options expiring beyond the investment horizon."
"Neal C. Gross, Ward S. Mason, and Alexander W. McEachern."
"A network of queues obtained from simulating this job-shop under a composite dispatching rule is also modeled and interpreted as a first order, multivariate autoregressive process."
"This paper presents a model to assist property-liability insurance companies in making product and investment mix decisions."
"If, on the other hand, the manufacturer eliminates retail competition by designing a contract accepted by only one retailer, the assignment of consumers to retailers is inefficient."
"The method starts with initial values for the decision variables and solves the separate linear subproblems."
"First, we construct an interindustry network using input-output data, to proxy for the economy’s information structure."
"Further, ETF activity is associated with an attenuation of postearnings-announcement drift and an increase in active share lending."
"It is shown that a simple algorithm provides optimal solutions to problems of scheduling men or equipment to meet cyclic requirements over periods where each man or machine must be idle for two consecutive periods per cycle."
"We consider both pricing and assortment controls, and derive simple static policies in the form of a price calendar or a planned sequence of assortments, respectively."
"We label this phenomenon the small firm effect and explore its origins."
"In particular, the seller chooses between two pricing strategies, markdown or everyday low price, and determines the optimal prices and inventory level."
"An application of the method in an evaluation of the research activities in economic departments at Danish Universities is presented."
"Most of these organizations reduce the expense of transmitting these communications by leasing private telephone lines instead of using commercial long distance."
"A multi-stage linear program is defined with linking variables that connect consecutive stages."
"An economy demanding a risk premium can be formed from individuals who do not demand such compensation."
"Using International Monetary Fund portfolio data, we find that expected returns are negatively related to home bias."
"Using three different studies, we provide additional evidence on the relationship between testosterone and self-employment."
"A decision maker trying to learn about an uncertain quantity may obtain divergent information from a number of sources (e.g., experts)."
"Based on the causal relationship between workload and operational risk events from the empirical analysis, we discuss staffing policies among branches aimed at reducing operational risk losses."
"To understand this phenomenon, the authors examine the contribution to price discovery by electronic and voice-based trading systems in the U.S. Treasury market."
"To understand this tension, we propose a multiserver queueing model with two customer classes: moderate and urgent."
"When individuals earn money for themselves, higher wages lead to higher effort with relatively muted targeting behavior."
"We also find in most cases that revenue-maximizing dynamic pricing improves consumers’ surplus compared to the revenue-maximizing static price."
"In this problem, products have a two-stage hierarchy: items and families."
"Analytical intractability of the problem requires a computational modeling approach to simulate comparative solutions for specific contracts under different parametric settings."
"Actual results of both the mathematical programming and LDA methods are presented and compared."
"The present paper has three main objectives."
"Third, we test several random restart strategies, showing that they do not help on this problem—the run-time distribution does not have a heavy tail."
"Consequently, a broad range of information technologies to better support the collaboration of diverse, and increasingly distributed, sets of participants is ever more utilized."
"Our main contributions are aimed at: (1) describing the (nontraditional) systematic thinking process which transformed the mathematically expressed problem into an efficiently solvable model; (2) presenting the analysis of the model; and (3) reporting on a practical application of the model in a unique system."
"In the first stage, the firm must make its investment decision in manufacturing capacity, before the resolution of uncertainty in product demand."
"Combinatorial auctions—in which bidders can bid on combinations of goods—can increase the economic efficiency of a trade when goods have complementarities."
"Finally, the normative analysis reveals an inverse allocation principle that suggests—contrary to the proportional-to-sales or competitive parity heuristics—that large (small) brands should invest in advertising proportionally less (more) than small (large) brands."
"This paper introduces SPOT (Scheduling Programs Optimally for Television), an analytical model for optimal prime-time TV program scheduling."
"This novel procedure allows us to distinguish between 101 levels of competitiveness, as opposed to the binary measure used in the literature."
"Moreover, they identify possible benefits of promoting prerelease consumer communication, and they support the idea of targeting independent-minded consumers, so they can serve as opinion leaders for those who follow."
"This behavior is puzzling, because it makes it easier for competitors to poach a firm's best employees."
"Our empirical findings are consistent with these expectations."
"As a consequence of these features, the timing of payments and collateral liquidation must be carefully specified to establish the existence of payments that clear the network."
"While the old standbys such as trend extrapolation are still in wide use, some new techniques are also beginning to see wide use."
"Yet these loans actually have higher default rates."
"Simulation experiments indicate that the use of spectra in this evolutionary fashion produces forecasts that are generally more stable as well as more sensitive to genuine changes than schemes based on the tracking signal."
"As consumer preferences evolve away from where both firms are located, one firm first moves to follow consumer preferences, with the second firm only moving if the consumer preferences continue evolving away from that firm."
"This study examines the feasibility of improving performance in dynamic tasks by providing cognitive feedback or feedforward."
"Leaders who exhibited task oriented behaviors had higher performing projects regardless of structural type."
"Price-matching guarantees involve a retailer matching the lower price of a competitor for an identical product."
"In this paper we develop a normative model that is built on an empirically relevant foundation."
"The Hospital Readmissions Reduction Program (HRRP) reduces Medicare payments to hospitals with higher than expected readmission rates where the expected readmission rate for each hospital is determined based on the readmission levels at other hospitals."
"In the PC market, Intel has developed new microprocessors by maintaining compatibility with the established architecture, whereas it was radically replaced by RISC in the workstation market."
"This paper develops and tests efficient numerical methods for the analysis of large pools of loans as well as asset-backed securities backed by such pools."
"An illustrative set of curves is shown."
"Error characteristics as determined from prior estimates and actual outcomes are analyzed using a multiple regression model."
"Management Sci.29 24–32.)"
"This paper was accepted by Gad Allon, operations management."
"Unfortunately, the new approach is not consistent with the relaxed assumptions."
"We prove that—unlike VaR that may discourage diversification—WPVaR and WQVaR are in fact coherent risk measures."
"We estimate our model using a comprehensive data set from DonorsChoose.org—the largest crowdfunding platform for K–12 education."
"For example, the seller of a house has this problem when deciding which bids on the house to accept and which to reject."
"This note gives a simple proof that in a (r, q) system the average outstanding backorders and the average stockouts per unit time are jointly convex in the two control variables q and r."
"The extension of the project analysis in terms of the two rates permits the derivation of unambiguous decision rules for all projects."
"The purpose of this note is to indicate how problems of this general nature may be approached by means of the functional equation technique of the theory of dynamic programming, and thereby reduced to a very simple and straight-forward computational problem."
"Erratum to B. Martos, “The Direct Power of Adjacent Vertex Programming Methods,” Management Science, 12 3, pp."
"The steps in the catalog planning process include compiling a list of candidate items, developing one or several ad size “strategies” for each item, estimating the sales and contribution which would be realized as a result of each strategy, and then selecting a set of strategies which effectively allocate the space available in the catalog to some subset of items."
"In this paper, we put forward four intuitive economic axioms for portfolio risk assessment—monotonicity, law invariance, prudence, and no reward for concentration—that uniquely characterize the family of ES."
"This helps explain why empirical estimates of PPS are much lower than predictions from models of moral hazard alone."
"The first step has been to study a particularly simple form of organization which we call a team."
"This paper was accepted by Omar Besbes, revenue management and market analytics."
"Although it applies these policies only to the missile itself, optimal maintenance policies for the system as a whole are conceptually similar."
"Models of horizontal integration typically describe a trade-off between multiunit efficiencies and managerial agency costs."
"Performance evaluation of such state-dependent policies is generally hard."
"Dynamic Programming and Markov Processes."
"In this situation, the conditions are easy to check and T is found explicitly."
"Aggregate implied volatility spread (IVS), defined as the cross-sectional average difference in the implied volatilities of at-the-money call and put equity options, is significantly and positively related to future stock market returns at daily, weekly, and monthly to semiannual horizons."
"The study reported here addresses the problem of establishing due dates for projects which require limited resources, in an environment where new projects arrive continuously and randomly over time."
"In the theory of psychological games it is assumed that players’ preferences on material consequences depend on endogenous beliefs."
"The expert gives his subjective probability for A. In the light of this information, how should the decision maker form his subjective probability?"
"Excluding the cost of unused capacity also smooths the time-series variation in unitized product costs and gross margins, with the standard deviation of gross margins declining (significantly) by 5%."
"Therefore, our findings demonstrate that random shocks place an important bound on the ability of gift exchange to overcome principal–agent problems."
"Using these results, we study several examples to gain managerial insights."
"This strategy provides economic motivation for coalition formation."
"In large charitable giving field experiments run by the American Red Cross, appeals that prime an individual’s identity as a previous donor to the charity or as a member of a local community generate more donations."
"Using International Monetary Fund portfolio data, the authors test the model's prediction that a country's degree of home bias and the expected return of its domestic assets are inversely related."
"A further efficiency can be achieved in the event of ties by including least distances from origin to many nodes simultaneously during the fanning out process."
"The setting assumes that CEOs are randomly drawn from a labor pool containing candidates who either value career prospects (high type) or who do not value career prospects (low type)."
"In practice, sellers tend to offer probabilistic products only after major demand uncertainty has been resolved."
"We show the efficacy of the proposed method for financial risk classification, a domain characterized by frequent data noise, lack of functional structure, and high attribute interactions."
"have discussed a model aimed at making an optimal selection in a particular situation having several applications."
"11 (July 1978), pp."
"In addition, decentralized decision making spurs the effectiveness of functionally diverse teams, while at the same time reinforces the negative consequences of LOC diversity on firm performance."
"This paper presents the results of an empirical study of the effects of coefficient correlation structure and constraint slackness settings on the performance of solution procedures on synthetic two-dimensional knapsack problems (2KP)."
"For example, contrary to popular belief, the greater the risk aversion displayed by member firms in an industry, the lesser may be the need for government support of its basic research."
"Individual differences in correspondence bias predict blaming people for harmful accidents, believing coerced confessions, correcting for job and task difficulty when making performance evaluations and incentive-compatible personnel selections, and separating market and fund performance when making incentive-compatible investments."
"Cost minimization approach is used to determine the optimum policy among three alternatives."
"Thus, people may be more rational than the psychological literature gives them credit for, and applications of the SEU model may be susceptible to some violations of invariance principles."
"Assoc.59 353–375.]"
"The procedure has been incorporated into a modified direct search optimization program capable of solving large-size design problems."
"For example, participants might be given no feedback, feedback on the winning bid, or feedback on winning prices."
"In addition, risk is also mitigated through reinsurance provisions."
"We show, both theoretically and empirically, that this bidding format enables suppliers to collude, thus leading to noncompetitive prices."
"How should a strategic firm manage customized service over time to maximize the long-term value from each customer relationship?"
"The deterioration of performance and the improvement of the deteriorated performance by a control action from one level to other levels are given by stationary transition probabilities."
"We design and run three field experiments to investigate how different types of compensation affect the engagement of riders who experienced a frustration."
"We furthermore prove a convergence rate for the approximation and a uniform integrability result."
"Once an ambiguity is detected a writer can cut that ambiguity out, or he can allow it to remain."
"1967."
"The endowment payout rate emerges as a key policy variable that should be set on the basis of budget variables and total return on the endowment, rather than as the result of endowment yield."
"Method (2) is in general preferable."
"Both buyers and nonbuyers contribute to information diffusion, while buyers are more likely to spread the news about the product."
"A two-stage framed field experiment building on cumulative prospect theory is designed to test this hypothesis."
"The facts are different."
"A customer's order quantity is positively correlated with past fill rates."
"These decisions are either to leave the system in its present state, or by performing maintenance to place it in a “higher state.”"
"The problem is to determine at each stage how much money to allocate so as to minimize the total expected cost (construction cost plus penalty cost) incurred."
"For higher aspiration levels this is no longer true."
"We discuss the implications for theory building and for managing the redesign of market trust systems."
"Some luxury goods manufacturers offer limited editions of their products, whereas some others market multiple product lines."
"and so on)."
"They also show how the DMUs' efficiency ratios relate to each other for all feasible weights, rather than for those weights only for which the data envelopment analysis (DEA) efficiency score of some DMU is maximized."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at https://doi.org/http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1770.This paper was accepted by Lorin Hitt, information systems."
"By contrast, firms without organizational change would not have realized significant productivity gains if they had reorganized workplaces."
"A stochastic model of purchase behavior is developed to aid marketing managers analyze and predict consumer purchase behavior."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1805.This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"This characterization of optimal solutions facilitates dynamic programming approaches to this problem."
"The Stark and Rothkopf (Stark, R. M., M. H. Rothkopf."
"Inspired by the contrasting network strategies of FedEx and United Parcel Service (UPS), we study when two service classes (e.g., express or regular) should be served by dedicated resources (e.g., air or ground) or by an integrated network (e.g., air also serves regular)."
"Various functional forms for such incentive schemes have been proposed, but a critical assumption always made is that the supplier has full information about the buyer's cost structure."
"Understanding the relationship between the preferences of individuals and the preferences of the aggregate economy is crucial for understanding the connection between the behavioral finance literature, which focuses on individual preferences, and the asset-pricing literature, which focuses on aggregate prices."
"A changing environment for prices and availabilities is generated experimentally by perturbing these environmental parameters."
"We estimate the savings at the supplier due to information flow and study when information is most beneficial."
"We identify two critical dimensions: (1) the design scope and (2) the level of task interdependency."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"Perhaps the most well-known solution is due to Gonik (1978), who proposed and implemented a clever scheme designed to elicit market information and encourage hard work."
"In the second system, the servers may work on different jobs."
"The aim of the present research is to study the efficacy of different structural linkages for achieving market share and ROI objectives in product R&D-intensive businesses."
"Results show that the market potential (and sales growth) of one category or generation is significantly affected by others and by the overall structure of a geographic market."
"We estimate an option pricing model and analyze its parameter estimates."
"This paper was accepted by Paul H. Zipkin, operations and supply chain management."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"A companion paper showed that in a set of all widely released movies in 2000–2009, cold opening produces a significant 20%–30% increase in domestic box office revenue, which is consistent with moviegoers overestimating quality of unreviewed movies (perhaps due to limited strategic thinking)."
"Further analysis reveals that treated store managers spend more time on human resources (HR) and less on customer service."
"A literature review of sales resource allocation models is described in terms of this framework."
"We argue that entitlements constitute a “moral property right” that is influential independent of negotiators' legal property rights."
"The technique is based on an idea proposed by C. W. Carroll [Carroll, C. W. 1961."
"A fixed cycle approach is examined in which all the items of a group are always jointly replenished."
"The results of these experiments showed that there were no significant differences in the sets of criterion weights derived from collecting the judgment data by any of the methods, but that ranking was by far the most efficient method."
"An agent-based simulation allows us to model three design elements and two contextual variables that have rarely been analyzed jointly: a vertical hierarchy that reviews proposals from subordinates, an incentive system that rewards subordinates for departmental or firm-wide performance, the decomposition of an organization's many decisions into departments, the underlying pattern of interactions among decisions, and limits on the ability of managers to process information."
"Our finding suggests that a 10% increase in visit length would decrease the likelihood of readmission following a home health visit by 6%."
"Proceedings of the Western Joint Computer Conference, 48–61.],"
"It is argued that the concept of a Dialectical Inquiring System [Mitroff, I. I. 1971."
"We use a general nonparametric framework in which we represent customers by partial orders of preferences."
"Prospect Theory, Liquidation, and the Disposition Effect (p. 445)Vicky HendersonIt is a well-known behavioral tendency to evaluate outcomes of decision relative to a benchmark position; the disposition effect is the tendency of investors to sell assets that have risen in value rather than fallen."
"We derive the consequences for an acquiring firm’s takeover offer—its size and cash/equity structure—and implications for takeover premia, firm returns, share price dynamics, the probability that a takeover succeeds, and shareholder welfare."
"The insight for management: Gambler behaviors can be better understood, increasing potential earnings from gamblers."
"The problems are solved as mixed integer programs based on (i) an appropriate choice of the initial problem formulation and (ii) the addition of cuts which are generated automatically by a mathematical programming system (MPSARX)."
"Is the expression true?"
"The theory is applied to a small case study taken from the Negev Desert in southern Israel."
"These findings are robust even when using different measures of employment composition, including controls for human capital, firm performance, domestic outsourcing, and whether firms choose to build or buy software."
"On-Line-Real-Time Information Systems."
"We conjecture that it is due to labor market matching processes and the bureaucratic nature of public organizations and bureaucratization of individuals."
"Although ES is—in addition to many other nice properties—a coherent risk measure, it does not yet have an axiomatic foundation."
"This paper was accepted by Teck Ho, decision analysis."
"The authors evaluate online continuous auctions and combinatorial clock auctions with different feedback mechanisms."
"We study applications to volatility forecasting and time-varying queues."
"failure"
"The full covariance probit model is highly regarded due to the flexibility with which it can represent cross brand effects."
"Analysis of the model provides managerial recommendations for several key decisions relating to process change implementation including: (i) the selection of an appropriate process change alternative, (ii) the rate and timing for investment in process change, and (iii) the rate and timing for investment in preparation and training."
"In doing so, we adopt the perspective of product development as a deliberate business process involving hundreds of decisions, many of which can be usefully supported by knowledge and tools."
"Open source software developers reuse code because they want to integrate functionality quickly, because they want to write preferred code, because they operate under limited resources in terms of time and skills, and because they can mitigate development costs through code reuse."
"A comment about Watson-Gandy, C. D. T. 1972."
"In contrast, we find no such effect for stocks with stronger information environments."
"At the order level, we find that state dependence (i.e., the status of an order carrying over to the next one) and price pressure are the key drivers of unauthorized subcontracting."
"This paper was accepted by J. George Shanthikumar, big data analytics."
"An increase of one standard deviation in EPU is associated with a 1.5% increase in forecasted three-month abnormal returns (6.1% annualized)."
"Furthermore, the results provide converging evidence that transparency into a company’s internal responsibility practices can be at least as motivating of consumer sales as transparency into its external responsibility initiatives, incrementally increasing a consumer’s probability of purchase by 6.40% and 45.85% across our two field experiments, conducted in social and environmental domains, respectively."
"In addition, the sequence of customer types to arrive over time is arbitrary and completely unknown."
"failure"
"Consequently a rigorous connection between DEA’s CCR model and the theory of games is established."
"The rank-1 approximation PBR adds a bias to the optimal allocation, and the convex quadratic approximation PBR shrinks the sample covariance matrix."
"Furthermore, nonlinear models were found to be inferior to linear ones."
"With both data, we show that the search cost distribution can be estimated nonparametrically in a sequential search model, and estimation results from a nonsequential search model are robust to the assumption on the maximum number of searches."
"failure"
"Specifically, we show that starting with any pair of lower and upper bounds, we can always obtain another pair of lower and upper bounds with gaps between the lower and upper bounds that are independent of demand and bounded by a function that depends only on the prescribed service level."
"A full discussion of these factors and associated trade-offs is included in the paper."
"Almost as mad is the plethora of office pools across the country where the object is to pick a priori as many game winners as possible in the tournament."
"A dual fractional program."
"That is our goal in the first part of the paper."
"Furthermore, since no categorization process was developed, it is assumed that once a rule is selected it must be used throughout the whole project."
"Interestingly, when attention is scarce, or search costs are high, the reputation effect is more pronounced."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2937.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"We develop and estimate a model for labor productivity and firms' decision to reorganize workplaces that allows workplace reorganization to affect any parameter of the labor productivity equation."
"The second part discusses nine conceptually different classes of marketing strategies."
"A two-unit cold standby system with Markovian degrading units and one repair facility is considered."
"We show that, in a frictionless world where information is perfect and managers optimize, firm alliances disproportionately increase the value of high-resource-level firms, resulting in higher variance and higher skewness of the distribution of firm value; moreover, higher-value alliances are subject to regression to the mean at a faster rate."
"In a separate section of the paper the effect of a firm's organizational structure on an individual's power is discussed."
"In this paper we identify those families of utility functions that are compatible with a risk-return interpretation."
"In this paper, we present a modulated Poisson process model to describe and analyze arrival data to a call center."
"We show that a higher return rate for online purchases can incentivize the retailer to have fewer physical stores that are larger in size."
"Our results offer guidance for policymakers on country characteristics that influence adoption's responsiveness to content and for Internet firms on where to expand internationally and how to quantify content investments."
"In this paper, we develop an efficient algorithm to value options under discrete-time GARCH processes."
"Furthermore, we create a framework for simultaneously making inventory and transportation decisions by incorporating the transportation costs (or limited truck capacities)."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"failure"
"Naval Res."
"The associated requirement for scientific and engineering personnel is discussed."
"Experiment 2, a stockmarket investment task, investigated changes in risk perception, information acquisition, and stock selection as a function of outcome feedback."
"Books Received"
"Had these assumptions been made explicitly, we could quickly discover the real roots of our disagreement."
"With respect to the first question, the following topics are discussed: the construction of an objective function for the firm derived through die stock market or directly from the preferences of the members of the controlling syndicate, the principal-agent situation, and the moral hazard situation."
"The paper is divided into four parts."
"We investigate the moderating effect of product attributes and review ratings on views, conversion|views (conversion conditional on views), and final conversion of a purchase-based collaborative filtering recommender system on an e-commerce site."
"We provide evidence for this behavior from the smartphone app market, where price histories indicate frequent zero-price sales."
"This paper reports on a simulation study of multiple research and development projects that are worked on concurrently and sequentially by more than one research team."
"The continuation region is shown to shift up (down) with increases in the expected level of substitute (complementary) competition making the firm less (more) likely to adopt the innovation."
"Although this concern applies to a wide range of strategy questions, to demonstrate its effect I empirically examine if entry mode choice (acquisition versus greenfield) influences foreign direct investment survival."
"The relative worth of each objective according to scientific merit is determined by a stratified, intradisciplinary sample of the scientific community using a modified majority-rule technique."
"PCAM was found to be operational in six departments, and fully institutionalized in two."
"Centralized use of the dispatch system required its design and implementation as a set of transaction modules within a large management information system."
"We illustrate the impact of these results through three example applications."
"The model addresses the problem of an investor with access to a limited pool of capital, who makes sequential decisions on long-lasting investments, under uncertainty as to the timing or the quality of future opportunities."
"Whereas most of these characteristics predict proxy contests in time series, prior to proxy contests, targets also experience poor stock performance, decreases in investments, increases in cash reserves and payouts to shareholders, and increases in management’s entrenchment."
"A higher standard deviation of ratings on Amazon improves a book's relative sales rank when the average rating is lower than 4.1 stars, which is true for 35% of all the books in our sample."
"The calculation of the optimal investment proportions generally requires the solution of a stochastic program whose dimension is the number of risky investments."
"While these firms might react differently, and in the case of the cooperative not unambiguously, to environmental change, neither variant will find the higher output—possibly more informative—option especially attractive."
"This study undertakes to apply the statistical technique of sequential decision process to a specific range of problems of (trade) credit management."
"We study the problem faced by a supplier deciding how to dynamically allocate limited capacity among a portfolio of customers who remember the fill rates provided to them in the past."
"Other model extensions are also discussed."
"In contrast to prior studies, our results suggest that entrepreneurial overoptimism does not appear to be the determining factor in the decision to found a firm."
"Our framework nests Duffee’s models with a small “hidden” factor [Duffee G (2011) Information in (and not in) the term structure."
"In MCAPn, a developer is teamed up with exactly one other developer to form a pair that works together for the entire duration of the project."
"Algorithms are presented for the three two-criteria problems utilizing mean flow time, maximum tardiness, and number of tardy jobs and the three-criteria problem involving all of these criteria."
"This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"In contrast, the European story is one of regional specialization with a less diverse group of public research organizations working in a smaller number of therapeutic areas."
"However, empirical evidence supporting this contention is limited."
"From these importance weights and ratings several additive multiattribute value models were constructed and compared with holistic rankings and ratings of the three options."
"The difficulties of such a geometric method are discussed through an example."
"In this paper we verify their conjecture that PSA is asymptotically correct as the service and arrival rates increase with the instantaneous traffic intensity held fixed (corresponding to long arrival rate cycles)."
"This paper was accepted by Peter Wakker, decision analysis."
"However, bonus plans typically pay for performance relative to a goal, and the manager whose performance is to be evaluated often participates in setting the goal."
"This principle requires that the weights on the higher levels of a hierarchy can be determined independently of the weights on the lower levels."
"The findings were interpreted in terms of both theoretical and methodological issues."
"If the offer is accepted, the seller provides the good with a stochastic quality that is not contractible."
"The five research streams we identify incorporate different definitions of the managerial problems that relate to IS, the alternate theoretical perspectives and different methodological paradigms to study them, and the levels of the organization at which their primary results impact managerial practice."
"Kenneth Arrow, Samuel Karlin and Herbert Scarf."
"An entry too early may risk pushing an under-developed product into the marketplace, with possible negative results; however, a product/technology may sacrifice sales if entry is delayed too long."
"Results obtained by the proposed procedure are compared with those obtained manually and by Haessler for a set of eleven actual problems."
"The first part of this paper is concerned with the semi-infinite linear programs studied by Charnes, Cooper and Kortanek."
"$7.50—reviewed by John Fox and David W. Miller."
"This study uses a confidential Census sample of 151,900 U.S. manufacturing plant-years from 1974 to 2011 to investigate the impact of excluding the cost of unused capacity from key financial indicators, namely, product costs and gross margins."
"We examine this practice explicitly accounting for competition and find that some conventional prescriptions may not always hold."
"a private comment on it was received by the Editor."
"An efficient forward algorithm generalizes the Eppen-Gould-Pashigian procedure and enables us to place bounds on the optimal production plan should a horizon not be found."
"In addition, some of the managerial implications of the method are discussed."
"How do such structures affect service performance and service chain value?"
"The analysis addresses active search by consumers, dealer visits, word-of-mouth communication, magazine reviews, and production constraints—issues that are important in understanding consumer response to durable goods."
"Our empirical results are consistent with our predictions and reveal factors influencing the value of marketing expertise."
"The solution is exact for exponential services and is an excellent heuristic for general service times."
"In the private sector we consider both capacitated and uncapacitated warehouse location problems in which each customer's demands must be satisfied by a single warehouse."
"Since the present courses commenced less than two years ago and planned courses are some way off, most of our aims have yet to be achieved."
"The problem is to determine the number, size, and locations of stations given constraints on the maximum travel distance from each town to its nearest station and the average waiting time at a station."
"The problem characteristics that determine which linearization to use, and the application of the linearized models in the solution of actual planning problems, are also discussed."
"A numerical example is given based on the published financial data of a major insurance company to illustrate the development of an efficient frontier and the use of ruin and utility-based decision rules."
"This aggregate equation form is tested and shown to be not rejected by the data."
"This question here gets a partial answer, being restricted to variables and objective functions which are continuous and excluding any transformation or approximation of the original system."
"Empirical studies of call centers indicate that the service-time and abandon-time distributions often are not nearly exponential, so that it is important to go beyond the Markovian M/M/s/r+M special case, but the general service-time and abandon-time distributions make the realistic model very difficult to analyze directly."
"We characterize the resulting system equilibrium (namely, the operating point in steady state), and establish its existence and uniqueness when changes in customer patience are bounded by the corresponding changes in their anticipated waiting time."
"We demonstrate that inventory information aggregation arises when there is an ex post desire to reduce supply–demand mismatches in all inventory scenarios."
"These findings indicate that postgrant patent review may not constitute an effective correction device for erroneous patent grants in technologies affected by either patent thickets or highly dispersed patent ownership."
"Hudson [Hudson, D. J. Least-squares fitting of a polynomial constrained to be either non-negative, non-decreasing or convex."
"The results are encouraging in that a limited number of generated outcomes indeed have statistical properties that are close to or equal to the specifications."
"We illustrate this on a stochastic knapsack problem, which is essentially a discrete choice problem under budget constraint."
"We develop a new modeling idea for comparing infinite-source, ample-server models (∞/∞) and finite-source, finite-server models (f/f)."
"Book Review—Location and Space Economy."
"This paper calculates the minimum required frequency between audits of a given type to meet prespecified accuracy goals for a given type of account."
"We prove that the sequence of critical numbers T1, T2, … is bounded and nondecreasing and we find a limiting value T that characterizes an optimal infinite horizon policy."
"Patent attorneys cite early patents, which help establish the patentability of an invention; this practice may inflate citation counts for early patents, particularly for inventions that have only recently become patentable."
"Each segment of the efficient frontier is in this sense subject to local collinearity."
"Most computers are now being used for routine cost reducing applications, but they instead should be used for complex management decision-making to enhance the profitability of the firm."
"We find that the same pricing policy may lead to distinct outcomes for different renewable energy sources due to their generation patterns."
"Other conditions also bar access to ascertainment and assessment of the pattern of applications."
"The deterrent effect, however, of such a high-risk environment is smaller among firms founded by proportionally more Ph."
"Additional advantages of direct shipping are lower in-transit inventory and ease of coordination."
"We tested and found support for our hypotheses in the context of 22,603 play-by-play decisions made by the 32 teams of the National Football League during the 2000–2005 regular season games."
"Probability and Time Trade-Off (p. 831)Manel Baucells, Franz H. HeukampShould a decision maker make a decision now or wait for better information to reduce uncertainty?"
"Comments on Scriabin, M., R. C. Vergin."
"It does not seek, of course, to establish a single, self-contained “general theory of practically everything” which will replace all the special theories of particular disciplines."
"Further generalizations to cubic, quartic, N-adic problems are considered."
"We conclude by discussing the relationship between misinformation and increased partisanship and provide an example of how our model can inform the actions of policymakers trying to contain the spread of misinformation."
"Since MORE nests the commonly used generalized linear models as special cases, a much wider range of statistical analyses can be conducted by using the secure databases with results similar to those achieved by using the original databases."
"Box cardboard costs and warehouse space costs are minimized if boxes exactly fit each product size; on the other hand, box inventory, handling, and purchase costs are minimized if only one box size is used for all product sizes."
"We present a new algorithm for this problem which compares favorably to maximal flow and minimal cut procedures on randomly generated classes of problems."
"The demand points themselves, or at least the “feeder” routes to the demand points, for the facility are located on a straight line which represents a road or some other transportation route."
"failure"
"The formulation is one of linear programming under uncertainty."
"The use of options in altering the return distribution of stock portfolios has found increasing interest among investment managers."
"The effectiveness of QMC methods crucially depends on the discontinuity and the dimension of the problem."
"Ten management practices that constitute the JIT concept are used to examine implementation of JIT manufacturing systems."
"When moral hazard is severe, this time inconsistency leads to a credit market collapse in which productive projects are not financed, unless the government precommits to an alternative resolution policy."
"We accomplish these objectives as follows."
"Transaction cost is considered as an explanatory variable for the choice between markets and various organizational arrangements for performing some predefined tasks, such as engaging in private R&D. With respect to R&D cooperation between firms, we show that the perception of high transaction cost is related to certain characteristics of the firm and to the type of R&D task."
"Other bidders rationally respond by bidding more aggressively."
"Theory of Business Finance: Advanced Readings."
"Direct marketing, which indirectly increases the flow of profits through the retail channel, helps the manufacturer improve overall profitability by reducing the degree of inefficient price double marginalization."
"The survey concludes with suggestions for extensions and future directions of research."
"This fact motivates our work."
"It is presumed that a paired-comparison measurement procedure which attempts to detect as many ordered pairs as possible in a set which is linearly ordered by some unidimensional attribute can identify only part of the underlying linear order L. This part is in the form of a partial order P which is a subset of L. An algorithm can then be applied to P in an attempt to identify ordered pairs in L which are not in P. Simulation experiments have shown that significantly more than 50 percent of the ordered pairs added to P by the construction process of the algorithm agree with their orders in L. However, it has also been discovered that the construction process is expected to yield better results (in a sense specified precisely in the paper) when its input is taken to be a subset of P which is obtained by removing selected ordered pairs from P. Thus, by withholding certain known and correct information from the input to the construction process, a better output is expected."
"The volatility spread formula serves as the basis for using the generalized method of moments to estimate investors' risk aversion."
"We add to previous work in three respects."
"They have lacked a method of combining complex patterns of substandard and superstandard performance on these many dimensions to arrive at an overall evaluation of the quality of service."
"A comparison of the approximate and simulated policies is made for a total of thirty test cases resulting in a maximum cost error of only 2.77%."
"A rolling schedule is formed by solving a multi-period problem and implementing only the first period's decisions; one period later the multi-period model is updated and the process repeated."
"This paper provides a general methodology of bootstrapping in nonparametric frontier models."
"We develop a structural consumer life-cycle model to investigate consumers' adoption and usage decisions of ATM cards."
"This model permits regular and overtime production and allows for backordering of goods for a number of periods."
"In addition, better due-date performance appears to be achieved when due-date oriented dispatching rules are employed and when the shop system is not structurally complex."
"We examine the extended effects of an incentive-based behavioral health intervention designed to improve nutrition behavior."
"However, when a number of items must be supplied continuously and the same means of production must be employed for several of the items non-concurrently, the “economic lot scheduling problem” may have to be dealt with."
"By contrast, truly relevant courses in the behavioral sciences seem to be much less well developed as are courses centered on the philosophy and practice of management science and operations research."
"We characterize and test the functional form of spillover pools for efficiency-enhancing innovation across 50 markets in the banking industry."
"The size of innovating divisions has diminished sharply over the period."
"Agility improvement was significantly correlated with R&D intensity, and computerization in manufacturing, controlling for firm size and region, and did exhibit industry effects, with electronic equipment firms elevated on this measure."
"The presentation tailors the unified mathematical framework of linear programming to networks with special emphasis on data structures which are not only useful for basis representation, basis manipulation, and pricing mechanisms, but which also seem to be fundamental in general mathematical programming."
"Using an example, we illustrate how to estimate and interpret the scale and tail-shape parameters."
"Some existing algorithms and some of their obvious extensions are listed."
"Targeting a constant risk level leads to increasing investment at better investment opportunities, whereas targeting a constant expected return does the opposite."
"Applied Probability-Computer Science: The Interface, I, Proc."
"In all countries, we find, on average, an attitude of risk aversion in gains and of risk seeking in losses."
"Using comprehensive firm-level data from South Korea, where labor unions have a long tradition of making credible threats, we find that overall disclosure frequency is negatively related to labor union strength, and that this relation is more pronounced in firms with good news."
"This paper was accepted by Brian Bushee, accounting."
"An optimal flow is found by implicit enumeration of the set of extremal flows in that network."
"These marginal sources are required to augment the supply from an overloaded regional source."
"It is shown that pure optimal strategies exist and hence also solve a noisy duel with continuous firing."
"We find that the effect varies with the process characteristics."
"Only infinite horizons are considered."
"Such insights help service providers with customer valuation and prediction of customers' future behavior such as acquiring additional services, dropping some current services, or ending the relationship entirely."
"We identify regimes under which the seller-induced learning is charged at a strictly positive price."
"The five strategies examined are: (1) Freezing the schedule within the planning horizon, (2) Lot-for-Lot after stage 1, (3) Safety stocks, (4) Forecast beyond the planning horizon, and (5) Change cost procedure."
"Comparing white lies to those where lying increases the liar's payoff at the expense of another reveals important insights into the interaction of incentives, lying aversion, and preferences for payoff distributions."
"In line with theory, the estimated treatment effect increases with social cohesion as measured before the intervention."
"This is a foundational problem in the merchant management of assets for the storage of commodities, such as energy sources and natural resources."
"The bottleneck criterion included as a third objective is particularly significant in time bound transportation schedules."
"The results indicate that unexpected growth in the product market increases the likelihood of acquisition; unexpected shortfalls in product shipments have no effect on the likelihood of dissolution."
"We find that the level of inefficiency under decentralized control decreases with increased competition and spillover rate."
"This additional constraint typically leads them to invest more (less) in first-party content relative to platforms facing favorable expectations when first- and third-party content are substitutes (complements)."
"This cooptation increases the probability that the organization will adopt the change."
"We study the relationship between the risk preferences of individuals and the risk preferences of the aggregate economy."
"We present comparative experimental results on a large set of instances involving one work activity, as well as on problems dealing with up to 10 work activities."
"Reference-Point Formation and Updating (p. 506)Manel Baucells, Martin Weber, Frank WelfensDecision makers with “reference-dependent preferences” assess outcomes based not on their total value, but on their value relative to some previously attained value."
"Announcement abnormal returns and executive tenure duration are both higher for matches with higher estimated productivity, suggesting mutual benefits for both the firms and the managers from assortative matching."
"Various cost and time elements are included in the derivation of the loss-cost function."
"These results suggest an important link between software development practices and maintenance performance."
"The resources are flexible in that each type of resource can serve more than one demand class."
"This study examines the relation between financial reporting quality (FRQ) and eponymy, that is, naming a firm after the founder."
"Co-opted CFOs rely primarily on using discretionary accruals to manage earnings prior to the Sarbanes–Oxley regulatory intervention and switch to real-activities manipulation afterward."
"Management Sci.10(11, July) 692–707.]"
"In Experiment 1, predictive accuracy of the models is compared in nonparadoxical situations, those which favor neither model."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"We also show that experience with a large fine boosts compliance more than experience with a small fine, but that the influence of experience with both large and small fines decays sharply over time."
"The SPR policy is characterized by a fixed fillup rate up to the reserve's capacity, when supply is at its normal level, and a fixed drawdown rate during shortages."
"The problem is to find a joint schedule of production and distribution such that an objective function that takes into account both customer service level and total distribution cost is optimized."
"Surprisingly, we find conditions under which sellers’ expected profit is higher in pooling equilibria than in the separating equilibrium in which quality is reflected by prices and there is no need to waste resources in advertising."
"The development of this algorithm involves a proof that the portfolio with maximum geometric mean lies on the efficient frontier in arithmetic mean variance space."
"This paper reports some research, ideas, and theory about managerial decision making."
"Before demand realizes, the firm faces a newsvendor problem for the two products with economies of scale in production for each."
"failure"
"no attempt will be made to provide a review here."
"We use this method to minimize an expected value objective function that contains terms for tardiness and flow time “costs.”"
"The authors study the incentive for vertical information sharing in competing supply chains with production diseconomies of scale under various forms of competition."
"They find that when sentiment is high, analysts' forecasts of one-year-ahead earnings and long-term earnings growth are relatively more optimistic for “uncertain” or “difficult-to-value” firms."
"This leads to a modified frequent itemset hiding problem, where transactions to be sanitized are selected such that the number of nonsensitive itemsets lost, while concealing sensitive ones, is minimized."
"Penalties for noncompliance are not specified; rather, they are left to the courts under the legal doctrine of compensatory damages."
"it was pointed out that the venerable internal rate of return is inappropriate for measuring the performance of pension fund managers."
"A fundamental issue in these applications is how to synthesize the judgments of individual experts into a group judgment."
"The rigorous treatment of the problem involves the production and transport costs' being minimized for each combination of plant locations."
"In this research, we examine the question of targeting the current users both analytically and empirically for an experience good."
"DLSP is formulated as a Set Partitioning Problem (SPP)."
"In such situations thresholds can lead to systematic and predictable intransitivity of indifference, violating a basic postulate of utility theory."
"Simply, a highly risk-averse forecast user may need a much bolder forecast to obtain the same certainty equivalent as a more risk-tolerant one."
"Through a simulation exercise, we consider multiple agents who decide their investment strategy over several consecutive periods."
"We formulate a general model for an uncapacitated facility location problem in which demands are related to the prices established at the various locations."
"It is recognized that the problem can be reformulated as a one duty period problem with side constraints."
"Economies are achieved if these savings outweigh the increase in ordering costs."
"The insights obtained from the estimation results are found to be quite consistent for reasonable variations in the specification of the model."
"This is perhaps not surprising since King's analysis refers to new construction, which can perhaps be specified more clearly in advance, rather than the maintenance work which we are concerned."
"Firms can reward successful employees by publicizing their abilities, for example, via a job title, a glowing letter of recommendation, or a resume-worthy award."
"Managing large-scale systems often involves simultaneously solving thousands of unrelated stochastic optimization problems, each with limited data."
"Pay–performance sensitivity, measured by dollar changes in manager wealth over dollar changes in firm value, decreases with proxies for growth option intensity and increases with proxies for growth option exercise."
"They suggest that transitive majority orderings may be expected in real-world settings more often then the formal social choice literature suggests."
"failure"
"My definition and its characterization are independent of specific representations of decisions under uncertainty."
"In this paper, we formalize the robust scheduling concept for scheduling situations with uncertain or variable processing times."
"This directly addresses the contention by Farris and Buzzell that modeling the A/S ratio as a constant is theoretically and empirically valid."
"Predictions are also made on the future development of general simulation languages."
"Next we elaborate on some of the validation analyses done for ADVISOR."
"The Editors of Management Science believes that it would be of value to its readers to establish a section entitled RECENT ARTICLES OF INTEREST, which will consist of reviews or abstracts of relevant articles."
"failure"
"In an attempt to reconcile this paradox, this paper presents a framework in which portfolio entrepreneurs’ main advantage is not a superior ability to select the best business opportunities ex ante, but rather the ability to redeploy human and capital resources across businesses ex post, which reduces the sunkenness of their investments in new projects."
"We find a region of a war of attrition between the two firms in which the interplay between externalities and learning gives rise to counterintuitive effects on investment strategies and payoffs."
"To mitigate supply disruption risks, some manufacturers consider a flexible sourcing strategy, where they have an option of sourcing from multiple suppliers, including regular unreliable suppliers and backup reliable ones."
"In addition, the expected value of perfect information (EVPI) is found."
"The Internet appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2853.This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"It is hypothesized that the timing of the acquisition should be triggered by a product market signal indicating an increase in the venture's valuation."
"Such systems use statistical techniques to infer a customer's preferences and recommend content best suited to him (e.g., “Customers who liked this also liked…”)."
"Exploration by current buyers helps future buyers better value these products and sellers."
"Moreover, if the ratio of demand per period to Mi is rational, then S contains a schedule with minimal discounted cost."
"A growing number of articles in the area of strategic management employ a mean-variance approach to risk-return relationships."
"For applied and development projects, easy access to colleagues for face-to-face communication is vital."
"The results indicate strong support for the model and the mediation hypothesis (with the exception of the cost variable)."
"$6.95;—Zwicky, Fritz, Discovery, Invention, Research Through the Morphological Approach."
"The field study focused on several managers whose decision strategies influenced the budgeted size and composition of the staff of an electronic data processing department (EDP)."
"This can be due to their being consciously or unconsciously hidden by the decisionmaker or due to the lack of quantifiable performance measures."
"The procedure entails a multivariate statistical test in which some parameters are estimated by simulation, while others are provided directly from the assessment of negotiator utility functions by means of conjoint analysis."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"While every other arrival joins the system unconditionally, our customer is allowed to choose among three alternatives: (i) he may Enter the queue and stay there until his service is completed, (ii) he may Leave the system right away, or (iii) he may Wait outside the queue."
"An illustrative empirical application demonstrates how the results can be utilized to derive consumer insights for actionable segmentation strategies."
"Because of cognitive biases, strategic incentives, or the structure of machine-learning algorithms, these forecasts are often overfit to sample data and are overconfident."
"In contrast with classical mixed-integer formulations, where power emissions are represented by continuous variables, we consider only a finite set of power values."
"Second, a simple form of our model results in an EOQ-like result: The optimal number of tests (called the Economic Testing Frequency or ETF) is the square root of the ratio of avoidable cost and the cost of a test."
"Collaboration makes it cheaper to enhance such quality, so building innovation ecosystems results in firms investing more than if collaboration were impossible."
"We argue that, in addition to serving as a mechanism for sourcing knowledge, strong internal linkages help firms increase internalization and create higher levels of technological interdependence across firm locations."
"These policies take into account real-time supply information, which can be obtained through tracking technologies such as global positioning systems and radio frequency identification."
"In 66% of those recommendations, the dataminer indicated that the forecast should not be changed."
"Uppsala, Sweden: Almqvist and Wiksells, 1969, 233 pp.,"
"The well known chemical equilibrium problem is expressed in the form of minimizing the free energy of a mixture in order to compute the chemical composition at equilibrium."
"Again the difference between the two travel times increases as the unavailability rate increases."
"It is shown that optimal file migration is able to generate substantial cost improvement under certain conditions and that it is robust both with respect to the initial file allocation at an initial system design/reorganization point and to impreciseness of system environments."
"The rolling horizon procedures form rolling production schedules by solving a finite horizon multiperiod problem and implementing only the first period's decisions."
"In [Elmaghraby, S. E. 1970."
"A simplified description of a new computing procedure for the Hitchcock-Koopmans transportation problem is given, together with a step by step solution of an illustrative example."
"This paper analyzes contests where contestants have private information about their abilities, and these abilities may be correlated."
"Based on past published experience with this problem, and on simulations we perform, we show that optimal or near optimal solutions are obtained in seconds for large problems."
"Why do some new firms succeed and others fail?"
"On the use of boolean functions in 0-1 programming."
"It is well documented that losses are less persistent than profits and that stock prices anticipate the lower persistence of losses."
"A heuristic smoothing procedure constructs feasible solutions (production plans) which do not require overtime."
"To take advantage of the vast size of social networks, firms have now turned their attention to influencer marketing wherein they employ independent influencers to promote their products on social media platforms."
"The sales targets are enlistment quotas for each of the occupational specialties that must be simultaneously satisfied."
"The product may start as a common single engine."
"The insight for management: Information is good for market efficiency, but asymmetric information is better."
"Thus, high beta stocks become overpriced in optimistic periods, but during pessimistic periods, noise trading is reduced, so that traditional beta pricing prevails."
"However, the authors point out that this does not necessarily reflect widespread \"learning by hiring.\""
"This paper was accepted by Sandra Slaughter, information systems."
"We study a new class of scheduling problems that capture common settings in service environments, in which one has to serve a collection of jobs that have a priori uncertain attributes (e.g., processing times and priorities) and the service provider has to decide how to dynamically allocate resources (e.g., people, equipment, and time) between testing (diagnosing) jobs to learn more about their respective uncertain attributes and processing jobs."
"This paper was accepted by Teck Ho, decision analysis."
"Traditionally, regulators have collected measures of quality on many separate dimensions, and compared performance on these dimensions to explicit pass-fail standards."
"First, a sequential decision model for a risk-neutral agent is developed."
"We examine this issue by developing a model of a supplier selling two substitutable goods through two retailers."
"We show that if the source of long-term advantage is modeled as a stock of capability that accumulates over time, the intensity of the firm’s effort to manage short-term earnings at the expense of long-term investment can have very different consequences depending on whether the firm’s capability is close to a critical “tipping threshold.”"
"At the household level, this led to much larger conservation gains in absolute terms than conventional policy interventions that provide aggregate feedback on resource use."
"Carbon Capture by Fossil Fuel Power Plants: An Economic Analysis (p. 21)Özge İşlegen, Stefan ReichelsteinFor fossil fuel power plants to be built in the future, carbon capture and storage (CCS) technologies offer the potential for significant reductions in carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions."
"This paper was accepted by Peter Wakker, decision analysis."
"As the volatility of the environment increases though, integration can facilitate learning–by–doing by buffering activities within the firm from instability in the external environment."
"Logistic regression models are used to examine the relationships between implementation status of each of the JIT practices and of each of the changes in performance in small and large manufacturers."
"We consider the specificity of antecedent resources that affect these two decisions and conceptually demonstrate that there is a contradictory tension in trying to optimize the decisions jointly implying that one or both diversification decisions have to be sub-optimized (i.e., there has to be a trade-off)."
"We estimate that marketing actions can be used to boost quarterly net income by up to 5% depending on the depth and duration of promotion."
"To survive, IT firms must develop high quality software products on time and at low cost."
"Other costs incurred include ordering costs associated with each replenishment and holding costs related to capital tied up in inventory and physical stock holding."
"What is the interaction of promised delivery time and quality of service with respect to competitive behaviors?"
"We subject several heuristics to worst-case analysis, average-case analysis, and computational testing."
"Numerical results suggest that our persistency model is capable of obtaining estimates that perform as well, if not better, than classical methods, such as logit and cross-nested logit models."
"A procedure for selecting among alternative strategies on both the timing of issuance and maturity composition of a portfolio of liabilities is formulated."
"It concentrates on intergroup envy measures and fairness indices that account for ways that aggregated benefits and risks might be allocated to members of groups or to groups within the population."
"The paper develops a relatively simple statistical method for measuring risk on individual accounts that can also be used for measuring and controlling portfolio quality and for estimating loss rates."
"This paper presents an identity on sums of nested multinormal distributions of arbitrary dimension."
"The due date setting procedures are tested via simulation with four activity scheduling heuristics that control the assignment of resources to specific activities of available projects."
"Also important are the day, time, and lead-in audience."
"In this paper we find that, when suppliers make pricing decisions, dual sourcing does not always lead to higher supply chain efficiency or buyer profits as compared to single sourcing."
"This study demonstrates why organizational effectiveness studies are crucial in certain types of organizations, and it points out how many of the weaknesses and criticisms of past investigations can be addressed."
"We study whether relative power in the chief executive officer (CEO)–chief financial officer (CFO) relationship influences CEO compensation."
"This paper considers the problem of estimating the moments of a statistical distribution from judgment estimates of various percentiles of the distribution and its mode."
"The consequence is cost allocations that impose higher costs on certain producer groups than they can achieve independently."
"We consider both horizontal and vertical characteristics—those related to affinity (e.g., preferences for a type of scientific research) and those related to ability (e.g., capacity to produce high-quality scientific output)."
"We introduce a new measure of loss aversion for large payoffs, called the large-loss aversion degree (LLAD), and show that it is a critical determinant of the well-posedness of the model."
"Book Received"
"Two separate models are presented."
"Finally, we discuss ways of dealing with two constrained facilities and with setup costs."
"To keep their risk targets, the affected banks raised the riskiness of their asset returns."
"Specifically, to best exploit network effects, our results suggest releasing preorder and sales information to consumers."
"Under these assumptions it is possible to model the technology selection decision as being made solely to minimize product cost."
"Cooperation is surprisingly high for amounts that would normally be considered consequential but look tiny in their current context, what we call a “big peanuts” phenomenon."
"While previous studies propose that misperception of complex terms and optimism contribute to the mispricing of structured instruments, the current experiments show that nonstandard risk appetite manifests in the valuation of simple well-defined products, controlling for expectations."
"Different planners have different innate preferences for different givens, sources of data, kinds of information, methodologies, etc."
"We have about 50 management information systems consultants in our Internal Automation Operation, over a hundred more working on aspects of management science at the Corporate level, and well over a thousand in the Company's operating departments."
"We develop discrete-time semi-Markov decision process models for various types of cardiac devices to determine patient-specific, lifetime-maximizing extraction policies as a function of patient age and the age of every implanted lead."
"Our models allow us to address who wins and who loses under QR, and suggest actions such as service level, wholesale price and volume commitments that can be used to make QR profitable for both members of the channel, i.e., Pareto improving."
"Intuitively, it appears optimal to focus resources on affordable interventions against prevalent diseases."
"Message modification refers to the distortion of message meaning."
"Using sales and sales goal data from 61 stores of a U.S. retail firm over 10 quarters, we find that the introduction of a performance-based bonus plan with participative goal setting is accompanied by lower goals that are more accurate predictors of subsequent sales performance."
"Practical portfolio investment problems under uncertainty can be modeled well as multiperiod stochastic programs."
"However, such automated data entry can lead to increased reimbursement requests by hospitals from Medicare by overstating the complexity of patients."
"Three studies explored the effects of uncertainty on people’s time preferences for financial gains and losses."
"This decision criterion will be applied in the context of several stochastic static investment models with budget constraint."
"It is shown, by example, how this can serve as a basis for cluster identification."
"An analysis of the 696 start-ups in the sample (split by an external funding source) suggests substantial boosts in both cooperative activity associated with VC-backed firms and in the likelihood of an initial public offering."
"For U.S. investors, the gains accrue not so much in terms of lower risk as in terms of higher return, and the opposite holds for Japanese investors."
"Included are a number of economic models and accompanying procedures for determining the level of service which minimizes the total of the expected cost of service and the expected cost of waiting for that service."
"We do this at two levels of activity: at an overall program level (Level I) and at a component activity level (Level II)."
"We show that experts within the FPSC, the regulated utilities, and a large telephone customer exhibit very high agreement about how the various dimensions of quality should be differentially weighted."
"The role of information during idea creation and idea submission is described based on these data."
"A cash receipts and shipping control system is used in a numerical illustration and future research directions are proposed."
"Disappointment in decision making under uncertainty."
"A number of trial problems have been calculated, however."
"This paper introduces the generic concept of processing rates as decision variables in Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS's)."
"The technique identifies links for sites to make available that will lead to a more informative profile when the user chooses one of the offered links."
"However, a penalty contract can generally coordinate the effort decisions with either the system optimum or the social optimum."
"failure"
"paperback $2.25."
"Through the concept of the expected value of perfect information (EVPI), it is shown for one-dimensional location decisions that a substantial reduction in maximum distance may be realized by the adoption of a wait-and-see policy."
"For example, we studied the frequency in which a party with a higher vote count in a district ended up with fewer seats in that district."
"The information provided in solving the min-max problem may be used to facilitate the solution of the max-min problem."
"A survey was conducted by phone interview of 15 state programs that were operating in 1985."
"A decision is made each period with loss depending on the true data value and the decision."
"We develop effective inventory policies for a distribution system to account for this information."
"They are competitive as well; ranking feedback helps create a ratcheting effect in the fight for dominance."
"We show that ARVaR approximates the Conditional VaR of the portfolio as well."
"In view of the distressingly low rate of success in new product introduction, it is important to identify predictive guidelines early in the new product development process so that better choices can be made and unnecessary costs avoided."
"The modeled systems, however, were quite insensitive to the variability of inspector performance."
"A new structure for economically-based sequential inspection plans is developed for use in motor vehicle emission testing."
"The predicted effects of monitoring costs on team size are supported by evidence that improvements in information technology likely to lower monitoring costs lead to larger teams."
"We also find that when one competitor bundles and the other does not, the bundling firm gains a greater share of customers and makes a higher profit."
"Then it seems appropriate to maximize the probability of exceeding the aspiration level."
"Market Crashes, Correlated Illiquidity, and Portfolio Choice (p. 715)Hong Liu, Mark LoewensteinThe recent financial crisis highlights several potentially important fundamental elements for optimal portfolio choice."
"It is shown that the overall risk attitude, as measured by its direction and magnitude, is merely the sum of the individual effects, as measured by their directions and magnitudes."
"We find that only a separating equilibrium with list pricing survives the intuitive criterion."
"Our paper analyzes how to dynamically manage this accuracy/congestion trade-off."
"The cutting operation in the high fashion clothing industry essentially involves putting several layers of cloth on a long cutting table and fixing templates of the parts of several articles on top of the stack before the actual cutting can be initiated."
"This paper formalizes the concept of workflow interference from a facility layout perspective."
"The items are produced in two stages, each with its own lead-time; in the first stage a common intermediate product is manufactured."
"Therefore, to examine this claim more carefully, we develop a rigorous economic model of the manufacturer's quality decision problem in the presence of piracy."
"Our research explains this by analyzing the interplay of two competing effects of automation: the substitution of technology for labor and the leveraging of complementarity between technology and labor."
"1543–1553."
"We experimentally test whether real market participants can report their real preferences for course schedules “accurately enough” for a novel course allocation mechanism, approximate competitive equilibrium from equal incomes (A-CEEI), to realize its theoretical benefits."
"16, No."
"Some properties and constraints of these systems are similar to those of flow and job shops, while others are different."
"Consistent with the agency view, greater incentive alignment moderates the performance differential between first and follow-on funds."
"Reciprocity is a subtle but influential factor in maintaining business relationships."
"This paper investigates the problem of sequencing N products on an assembly line with two objectives: minimizing (1) the risk of conveyor stoppage and (2) the total utility work."
"The inventory policies consist of the rates for building up and drawing down strategic oil reserves, while the tariff policies consist of setting tariffs as a function of the state of the world oil market."
"develops an axiom system for combining expert judgments by means of a processing rule."
"Specifying a proper input distribution is often a challenging task in simulation modeling."
"We present a branch-and-price algorithm based on a set-packing formulation originally proposed by Dietrich and Forrest (2002, “A column generation approach for combinatorial auctions,” in Mathematics of the Internet: E-Auction and Markets."
"The procedure is illustrated by an example while also a directory of computations is given."
"is that they have made available an important tool for the study of the warehouse location problem."
"Our findings suggest that the auditing function promotes exports—an important economic consequence for the global economic development."
"These shares can be used to improve backtesting to check that the prudential targets have been enforced by the traders."
"In this paper we develop an N-server queueing model which overcomes some of the objections usually raised by business students when they are confronted with the discussion of queues in standard management science texts."
"We compare non-GAAP earnings per share (EPS) in firms’ annual earnings announcements and proxy statements using hand-collected data from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings."
"The outcomes studied include emergency room (ER) visits broken down by type, urgent care center visits, office and phone visits with one’s own versus another provider, post-ER follow-up visits, and ER readmissions."
"From a theoretical point of view, this paper highlights the power of the classic social networks approach in explaining organizational performance."
"Without loss of generality, and in the interest of simplicity of exposition, our method is explored and developed in the context of a bicriterion optimization problem using a two stage mathematical programming model."
"Those responsible for deciding whether the runway should be extended were asked to judge the values of the unit economic costs of unsatisfied passenger and cargo demand, thus determining which of the three options was preferred on economic grounds."
"Instead, this paper applies a linear regression model with a nondiagonal covariance matrix."
"We examine if and how incumbent firms respond to entry and entry threats using nonprice modes of competition."
"“I Think You Think I Think You're Lying”: The Interactive Epistemology of Trust in Social Networks (p. 393)Mihnea C. Moldoveanu, Joel A. C. BaumIt is widely held that trust is essential in business relationships."
"These results hold in a setup in which financial integration is welfare improving from an ex ante point of view."
"This note comments on one of these models described in a recent article in this journal, “Marketing Strategy and the Optimal Production Schedule” [Leitch, R. 1974."
"Res.27 (2) 364–390.)"
"Viewing the possible zone-school assignments as a combinatorial problem, a general enumerative procedure is combined with probability theory to form the implicit enumeration algorithm."
"Many production environments are likely to be subject to both types of uncertainties."
"Despite a 20-year trend toward integrated marketing communications, advertisers seldom coordinate television and search advertising campaigns."
"The latter essentially generalize the algorithm due to Fulkerson, in order to handle piecewise linear, convex, cost-time curves for some or all of the activities."
"And fifth, similarities and differences between the results observed in this study and past due date job shop scheduling research are reviewed."
"Two salient behavioral motives that impact consumers’ purchase decisions and the seller’s optimal strategies are anticipated regret and misperception of product availability."
"The optimum decision rule is derived under one resource restriction and an explicit parametric solution has been obtained."
"You have the precise information that the treatment was successful in 25 of 50 past cases."
"Among the principal techniques used in the paper are dynamic programming for both bucking and sawing, and a procedure for calculating the distance between two polyhedral sets in R2."
"By contrast, among competing retailers, grocery stores experience the most significant loss (20% weekly revenue) mostly from fewer store visits, with a much smaller impact attributable to per-visit expenditure."
"The size of the executive team—the group of managers reporting directly to the CEO—doubled during this period."
"It should enhance the understanding of complex planning processes by managers through providing means to separate vital from trivial policy inputs."
"Naive simulation is inefficient due to the rarity of the system failure events."
"Key to the main results, several novel notions such as tail events and risk concentration naturally arise, and we explore them in detail."
"The first is that they do not require the cumbersome “fine grid” approximations employed to achieve high accuracy in the usual separable programming approach."
"Gender, Competition, and Managerial Decisions (p. 114)Curtis R. PriceHow does a manager's gender affect the choice of compensation plans for employees?"
"Bubbles and Information: An Experiment (p. 384)Matthias Sutter, Jürgen Huber, Michael KirchlerUbiquitous information creates market efficiency, right?"
"Learning has been observed to exist in a variety of production and service situations in which the amount of input required per unit of output decreases as total output increases."
"Furthermore, for “very high” search levels, even the system profit (sum of manufacturer and retailer profits) may decrease upon centralization."
"We show that price protection is an instrument for channel coordination."
"The change in the sampling level is indeterminate because, while increased sampling productivity means that firms have incentives to increase sampling, the increase in the equilibrium goodwill level indirectly reduces the marginal productivity of sampling, thus reducing the incentives to sample."
"Estimates of the parameters of the model, along with a discussion of prodcedures for control and verification are included."
"We formulate this incentive-design problem in a principal-agent framework with a multitasking agent subject to a censored signal."
"We discuss the strategic and policy implications from this research."
"Based on a statistical analysis of 170 new franchise contracts and interviews with the founders of 16 of these new franchise systems, we show that new franchise chains that adopt exclusive territories are more likely to survive over time than chains that do not."
"A general method for mapping manufacturing strategies on these dimensions is described."
"The performance benefits of focus are typically attributed to reduced complexity, lower uncertainty, and the development of specialized expertise; the benefits of greater breadth are linked to the economies of scope achieved by sharing common resources, such as advertising or production capacity, across activities."
"This paper formalizes the problem of designing optimal agendas for voting over finite alternative spaces, when voters are assumed to be “naive,” (i.e., they do not vote strategically)."
"If the activities have nonincreasing cost-time functions, an optimal policy can be used to eliminate the usual search procedure for one-dimensional problems which involve minimizing the maximum of stage returns."
"The proposed model is derived from four standard axioms (completeness, weak stochastic transitivity, continuity, and common consequence independence) and two relatively new axioms."
"The Leontief case also yields a horizon theorem."
"A weight function is used that depicts the effect of warranty execution."
"This search interval should shrink as congestion intensifies and as the number of performed tests increases if additional conditions hold."
"The problem is a special case of one usually referred to as the distribution of the effort."
"DLSP is the problem of determining the sequence and size of production batches for multiple items on a single machine."
"This approach can be substantially suboptimal in scenarios where one cares about using the choice model learned to make fine-grained predictions; one must contend with the risks of mis-specification and overfitting/underfitting."
"They also identify when educating consumers to be more environmentally conscious can improve the relative environmental performance of leasing."
"The purpose of this paper is to extend the class of return distributions for which the preceding results hold and to demonstrate that portfolios which are efficient with respect to average compound return, at least for large N, do not risk ruin either in a short-run or a long-run sense."
"The logical nature of the components and of the connections between them are identified and analyzed."
"This is a common scheme not only in transportation."
"Several types of network design problems can be viewed as requiring the formation of a spanning tree network of minimum length, subject to a bound on the sum of “weights” on the nodes of any component tree."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2927.This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"Our analysis evaluates the strengths and weaknesses of outcome- (or output-) and action-based (or input-based) contracts in settings with varying levels of the demand externality."
"Stationary equilibrium, in which the fraction of the budget supported by endowment remains constant over time, simplifies the model and has other desirable properties."
"Agents learn about estimation and market uncertainty through repeated realizations of investment returns."
"Some adapted methods are illustrated in analyzing the bootstrap sampling variations of input efficiency measures of electricity plants."
"Actual historical data from several U.S. Air Force bases are analyzed using the geometric-Poisson and constant-Poisson distributions."
"These brief comments on the preceding article by Charnes and Cooper are limited to those of their remarks that bear on the evaluation of Kantorovich's long paper of 1939 reprinted in the July 1960 issue of Management Science."
"Whenever the discrepancy between these two becomes sufficiently large, the model suggests proper corrective actions to be taken."
"Earlier models for the evaluation of assuming and shedding risks of death are extended to the case of possibly extreme disability over a lifetime."
"Using a random sample of manufacturing firms across the United States, we find that this interaction does indeed affect the adoption of MRP, though it does not seem to affect MRP infusion."
"A productivity function is introduced to measure effectiveness of each force structure."
"On the other hand, such a clause reduces profits and, hence, is not an ideal strategy for retailers."
"Management Sci.6(1) 1–12; Schild, A., I. J. Fredman."
"Finally, we show that contrary to intuition, as the competitor’s cost of capacity increases, the premium a flexible firm is willing to pay for flexibility decreases."
"The insight for management: Benchmarking can be somewhat subjective; this methodology allows for a range of input and output weighting to be tested and derives rankings that are less subject to the input data provided."
"In many public sector location problems, it is often desirable to locate facilities in such a way to minimize the number (or cost) of facilities while insuring tint all demand centers are within a stated maximal service time front any facility."
"We develop a unified model of the interactions among investors, fund companies, and fund managers."
"If competition grows past a certain point, miscoordination among buyers increases to the point that sellers' expected profits decline."
"Next, we consider the case where the firm has the option to schedule orders in other than FCFS order."
"Unlike these methods, we show that in the small-data, large-scale regime, our data-driven policy performs comparably to an oracle best-in-class policy under some mild conditions."
"However, such a choice is not straightforward because subscription fees typically deter customers, and a resulting decline in viewership further reduces advertising revenues."
"Regardless of whether the buyer employs a mandatory or a subsidizing policy, the buyer and the end consumers may be the only ones who gain from this new technology."
"Mertens de Wilmars, La formation á la direction des entreprises, essai d'évaluation des résultats acquis."
"Our analysis suggests that overconfidence and incentive conflicts are important drivers of the frequency of schedule overruns observed in our sample."
"Effectiveness is harder to explain; the more sophisticated and expensive implementations seem to be most reliable, but much simpler implementations sometimes find larger networks."
"Groups interact with CONCORD in conversational mode over a remote terminal, and can bring it a wide variety of problems requiring coordination."
"We find sharp evidence of return predictability in postwar U.S. data but less consistent evidence of dividend predictability, which is significant only using cash-flow proxies reflecting information from mergers and acquisitions."
"This paper analyzes the substantially growing markets for crowdfunding, in which retail investors lend to borrowers without financial intermediaries."
"The researcher and the manager: A dialectic of implementation."
"The arguments help us to examine a natural experiment in which we can better specify the conditions under which RI use is expected to be associated with changes in investment."
"Three dimensions of IT architecture flexibility (open communication standards, cross-functional transparency, and modularity) can have an effect on formation of three types of alliances (arm's-length, collaborative, and joint-venture)."
"When disadvantaged competitors compete in auctions, the subsidy serves to make them more competitive rivals."
"Specifically, we model two firms competing with each other in two markets characterized by price-dependent and uncertain demand."
"Our analysis shows that the retailer’s incentive to share information strongly depends on nonlinear production cost, competition intensity, and whether the retailer can offer a contract to charge a payment for the information."
"The approach is based on the work of Theil-Van de Panne [Theil, H., C. van de Panne."
"The problem considered is that of obtaining majority decisions which are transitive."
"In these circumstances, it would seem necessary to look to the fundamentals right now, early in the growth period."
"Management Sci.35(8) 982–1003.)"
"We find that managers are less likely to repurchase stocks when they lose money on past stock repurchases but find no robust evidence that past gains on repurchases influence future repurchasing activity."
"Finally, a methodology for application of the component lot-splitting policy where the end item demand is time-varying is discussed."
"In order to review the empirical literature on subjective probability encoding from a psychological and psychometric perspective, it is first suggested that the usual encoding techniques can be regarded as instances of the general methods used to scale psychological variables."
"Comparison of computer algorithms and visual based methods for plant layout."
"Moreover, the introduction of shocks significantly reduces the probability of fulfilling the contract by the agent, the payoff of the principal, and total welfare."
"October).]."
"However, strategic customers may have more incentive to wait if they expect a cost reduction to lead to a price drop."
"Nonprofit organizations use direct-mail marketing to cultivate one-time donors and convert them into recurring contributors."
"Editorial comment and call for letters on the subject for the column about Marketing Science.—“A note on the use of Markov chains in forecasting store choice” by Kenneth A. Longman, 285 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10017."
"They are not related to the importance of small and medium-sized enterprises in an economy, suggesting that prevalence of relationship lending does not necessarily come along with borrower benefits."
"In our paper, products that are successfully certified can end up with a higher incidence of accidents."
"In many cases, the independent variables which describe the manufacturing system are interrelated in a highly nonlinear manner."
"In this model, the choice problem can be interpreted as a variant of a more general multiarmed bandit problem."
"The optimality of a cμ-rule is shown, from which finite-time algorithms for the one- and two-server cases are derived."
"Such heterogeneity arises because of differences in medical conditions as well as the travel burden each patient faces to visit the clinic periodically."
"In stable environments, vertically integrating severely limits the organization's ability to learn by doing because boundedly rational managers find the optimization of operations difficult when making highly interdependent choices."
"It is tested in pricing lookback, barrier, and Asian options and is shown to provide consistent efficiency gains, compared to the sequential method and the difference-of-gammas bridge sampling proposed by Avramidis and L'Ecuyer (Avramidis, A. N., P. L'Ecuyer."
"1963."
"It is also a complex one."
"This novel explanation for the credibility of cheap-talk advertising is distinguished from those identified in the literature (e.g., matching between firm types and heterogenous consumers, restrictive communication on multidimensional attributes)."
"This entails the development of a data-driven robust optimization approach with novel uncertainty sets."
"Modularity in product design and flexible supply chains is increasingly common in buyer–supplier relationships."
"An important challenge for many firms is to identify the life transitions of its customers, such as job searching, expecting a child, or purchasing a home."
"As compared with existing DPS methods, MORE can substantially increase the utility of secure databases without increasing disclosure risk."
"The utilities thus obtained formed part of a model of a resource allocation problem faced by the agency in its role as allocator of a federal grant."
"The approach we used should be valuable in the design of computer-aided dispatching systems in other cities."
"failure"
"In a simulation, the proposed product choice model predicts purchase decisions better than baseline methods by adjusting the predicted probabilities for the effects of recent purchases and price discounts."
"Simulations of serial and parallel queueing networks provide evidence that this index is useful in predicting the performance rank of alternative designs for implementing multifunctionality in the face of variability."
"By studying a special case (K = 0 in (3)) in §2, the analysis of the problem practically becomes that of the standard economic lot size model so that we can rigorously derive some not too widely known results about the lot size model while exploring our model."
"Customers often resent priority queues even though priorities are often necessary to maximize either social welfare or revenue."
"Markets for information goods in which products are vertically differentiated lack the segmentation inherent in markets for industrial goods."
"A summary model of life cycle stages is derived that integrates each of these nine models."
"This paper discusses the model of one subsystem, the customer, who is viewed as a participant in an organization and whose behavior involves such participating notions as inducements, contributions, satisfactions, dissatisfactions and searches for alternative sources of supply."
"A selected sample of results for four other problems is given."
"The latter is the relevant case if they are acting disinterestedly as consultants."
"The negative effects of past success are somewhat mitigated for ideators with diverse commenting activity on others' ideas."
"How then should the firms manage their contract negotiations?"
"This kind of difference in results obtained by two different methods of analysis points up a need for drawing on persons from different disciplines who are capable of checking each other's methodologies when important policy decisions may be influenced by results that depend on the methodologies that these disciplines customarily use."
"We find that in this call center, offering to hold the callers’ spot in line or to call back within a window (guaranteed timeframe) reduces average online waiting time (the average time callers wait on the phone) by up to 71% and improves service quality by decreasing callers’ average incurred waiting cost by up to 46%."
"This paper was accepted by Martin Lariviere, operations management."
"The allocations are finally received at the demand points after another lag."
"We find that efforts to provide quality content and foster member embeddedness have positive effects on customer beliefs about the sponsor."
"Thus the problem can be solved entirely by well-known algorithms for the minimum-cost flow problem which yield the optimal solution and determine automatically whether a feasible solution exists or not."
"Several numerical examples are used to illustrate applications of the model."
"The paper introduces the timetabling problem, and then describes the simulated annealing method."
"Further, we find that although the forward-looking promotional spending levels are higher for the smaller brand, Minute Maid, it is market leader Tropicana that spends more on sales promotions."
"The problem is to find a minimum-cost production and purchase schedule that satisfies known demands over T periods."
"Whatever sort of monument our journal may be for the future, its keystone will consist in this conviction."
"A paradigm of ecosystem (ecological system) influence upon organizational policy formation is presented, together with a schematic organizational ecosystem decision matrix for management."
"Comparison of computer algorithms and visual based methods for plant layout."
"We also present evidence that the estimated frequency of appraisal overstatement is quite sensitive to assumptions about loan denial rates due to low appraisals as well as the size of and the correlation between AVM and original appraisal pricing errors."
"1977."
"The research suggests that last-place aversion can lead to maladaptive customer behaviors—switching behaviors that increase wait times and abandoning when the benefits of waiting are most pronounced."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"To treat them together, we consider the prospect of receiving outcome x with a probability p at time t. We define risk and time distance, and show that if these two distances are traded off linearly, then preferences are characterized by three functions: a value function, a probability discount rate function, and a psychological distance function."
"In addition, we show how certain types of constraints limiting the site and capacity combinations allowed can be incorporated into these models through their treatment as GAP's."
"We then construct two simple metrics to capture the degree of tier-2 sharing and disentangle its effect from tier-2 suppliers’ own risks."
"Using a data set including album sales, Internet penetration, and various demographic measures for 99 American cities over the period 1998–2003, this paper empirically examines the extent to which file sharing has caused the U.S. decline in sound-recording sales over that period."
"The authors evaluate the effect of the U.S. Leading Economic Index® (LEI), which is released monthly and is constructed as a summary statistic of previously released inputs."
"Explicit expressions for the development of the optimal order quantities over time are presented."
"Extant theory claims a firm’s information environment impacts the choice between debt and equity financing."
"We propose new lower bounds which are used within a branch-and-bound algorithm for the exact solution of the problem."
"Consistently, banks that serve customer bases with more dispersed needs receive lower satisfaction scores than banks serving customer bases with less dispersed needs."
"Our results support the widespread belief that eBay traders are more likely to post feedback when satisfied than when dissatisfied and are consistent with the presence of positive and negative reciprocation among eBay traders."
"Information overload usually refers to a situation in which a decision-maker's performance is harmed by too much input information."
"This paper explores the computational aspects of the method."
"We focus on the effect that such policies have on both a retailer's and a manufacturer's profits when the retailer must commit prior to the selling season to both a stocking quantity and a price at which to sell an item."
"With this extension, the new model not only is consistent with the volatility literature that the stock market is driven by two, rather than one, volatility factors, but also provides significant improvements in fitting various patterns, such as the size of market risk premium, the level of interest rate, degree of dividend yield predictability, and the term structure of variance risk premiums, of both the equity and option data."
"Yet little empirical research has examined how reference groups affect the product line decisions of firms."
"Letters10(April) 165–171.])"
"The Impact of Personal Experience on Behavior: Evidence from Video-Rental Fines (p. 52)Michael P. Haselhuhn, Devin G. Pope, Maurice E. Schweitzer, Peter FishmanAfter renting the movie Apollo 13, Reed Hastings misplaced his video cassette."
"Consider a stockpile of items whose field life is a non-negative function of the age of the item upon being issued."
"Broadening Focus: Spillovers, Complementarities, and Specialization in the Hospital Industry (p. 708)Jonathan R. Clark, Robert S. HuckmanShould a firm specialize to create more efficient operations or diversify to reduce product risk?"
"We show that the key variables found to be positive predictors of actual stock returns in the asset-pricing literature are also highly correlated with investor's subjective expected returns, but with the opposite sign."
"These results are also robust to controls for various factors, such as the Internet bubble, the exclusion of cross-border deals, the presence of Canadian cross-listed firms, the use of a constant sample of acquirers across the pooling and post-pooling abolishment periods, the use of Europe as an alternative counterfactual, and controls for the SEC Rule 10b-18 share repurchase safe harbor amendments of 2003.This paper was accepted by Shivaram Rajgopal, accounting."
"This study examines differences in income and job performance between women and men in creative, highly skilled jobs tasked with achieving technological inventions."
"We show that the convergence rate of the variance of the sample mean, and the bias of estimators of the variance of the sample mean, asymptotically depend on the data process only through its marginal variance and the sum of the autocorrelations weighted by their absolute lags."
"More detailed tests suggest that inventory reductions stimulated gains in productivity: On average, each 10% reduction in inventory led to about a 1% gain in labor productivity, with a lag of about one year."
"Each cluster is referred to as a portfolio."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"Thus, for instance, if persistence is assumed for the phenomena we note, then issues of short- vs. long-run strategy become of major importance for possible consideration and incorporation in any operations research models used to guide investment decisions."
"All else being equal, lower levels signal greater efficiency."
"The gap persists even when controlling for sources of heterogeneity, the selection of inventors into types of jobs and tasks, and potential parenthood, instrumented by exploiting a source of variation related to religious practices."
"Cybernetics."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1800.This paper was accepted by Teck Ho, behavioral economics."
"Typically, decisions center on the cost and benefits when production is outsourced to lower-cost upstream suppliers."
"Computers and thought."
"The learning leading to an implicit understanding requires some form of experimentation or historical observation."
"The coordination costs of remote working, with respect to coworker helping and job interdependence, did not appear prohibitive."
"Our empirical analysis is based on store-level scanner data in the orange juice category, which comprises two major brands—Tropicana and Minute Maid."
"We propose a macroeconomic model in which variation in the level of trust leads to higher innovation, investment, and productivity growth."
"Our objective is to accept or reject customers so as to maximize the expected value of the rewards received over an infinite planning horizon."
"Theoretical approaches to computing prediction intervals require strong assumptions that do not appear to hold in practice."
"An heuristic information processing model is built which possesses better empirical validity than the SEU model."
"Each project was aimed at a technological transition, defined as the introduction of a major new generation of process technology."
"In this case, however, the minimum of the former is not equal to the maximum of the latter."
"His prior experiences can either facilitate (positive transfer) or inhibit (negative transfer) problem solving, depending in part on the structure of the problem."
"The Simplex Method for solving the Linear Programming (LP) Problem, due to George Dantzig, has been an extremely efficient computational tool for almost four decades."
"In this paper, we propose methodology which is useful in designing an optimization capability for these languages."
"The numerical results suggest that the GCRR models with various modifications are efficient for pricing a range of options."
"The critical moderating factor in our model is the nature of the communication and what its primary impact is."
"The single period models with their objective functions modified to include the carry-over effects can be solved by conventional methods."
"Without careful management of the overlapped product development process, the development effort and cost may increase, and product quality may worsen."
"We compare revenue sharing to a number of other supply chain contracts (e.g., buy-back contracts, price-discount contracts, quantity-flexibility contracts, sales-rebate contracts, franchise contracts, and quantity discounts)."
"Focusing next on the neglected area of applied work, concepts are presented for analyzing whether desired amounts of flexibility are being achieved and whether the potential for flexibility built into a manufacturing process is being tapped."
"This is also the case with increased communication to reduce sabotage."
"Under the simultaneous strategy, the lower quality would cannibalize demand for the higher quality."
"These findings highlight some of the challenges in maintaining an ongoing supply of quality ideas from the crowd over time."
"The object of this paper is to characterise an optimal policy for this problem and to propose a method of calculating the parameters of such a policy."
"We use a continuous time model of the flows of development costs and market revenues, which allows us to integrate strategic and financial analyses of firm investment problems."
"To illustrate the development of solution approaches for a robust scheduling problem, we consider a single-machine environment where the performance criterion of interest is the total flow time over all jobs."
"Information stickiness appears to affect a number of issues of importance to researchers and practitioners."
"A variety of encoding methods are presented and their applicability is discussed."
"This paper discusses a method which has been developed."
"A deterministic model is suggested to describe the spread of free-burning wildland fires and the effect of various types of suppression activity thereon."
"Volatility elasticities are significant and may be as large as 1.10 for cash-flow variance with respect to marketing responsiveness."
"Our study shows that comparing with the risk-factor method, the two risk-constrained methods also generate an S-shaped technology diffusion pattern, which accords with historical observations, and they can result in earlier as well as later adoption of an advanced but currently expensive technology, depending on different combinations of uncertainty levels of the technology learning rate and the upper limit on the expected risk cost."
"failure"
"Dynamic inventory model with stochastic lead times."
"argued that assessing utility functions over proxy attributes requires complex inferences that may exceed the human capacity for consistent judgment, thus biasing utility assessments."
"Virtually all of this work exploits network structure."
"At the introduction of an interactive computing system, terminals were requested for individuals or projects."
"Our analysis shows that the innate choice process of consumers in a market (variety-seeking or inertia) is an important determinant of the relative impact of front-loaded and rear-loaded promotions."
"To emphasize the vast differences that can occur between individual and market preferences brought about through aggregation, the authors assume an economy consisting entirely of risk seekers."
"We present two approaches for modeling the system."
"This is difficult to reconcile with the canonical view that expected returns on stocks rise during recessions to compensate household investors for increased exposure or sensitivity to macroeconomic risks."
"The technique of conditioned sampling has been shown to improve simulation efficiency in the estimation of stochastic activity network duration c.d.f."
"In an MMIS, information is information if and only if it is tied to an appropriate story or myth that has meaning to the individual who needs the information, the organization in which he is located, and the type of problem that he faces."
"The results indicate that when the source of nervousness is due to changes in decisions caused by a rolling planning horizon, safety stock and lot-for-lot approaches are not cost effective."
"and many variants of his technique can be found in the literature."
"We begin with an analysis of the general model and then focus on several special cases based on well known demand specifications to gain more specific insights and to suggest directional guidelines for dynamic pricing decisions in an uncertain environment."
"By decision-making in a fuzzy environment is meant a decision process in which the goals and/or the constraints, but not necessarily the system under control, are fuzzy in nature."
"Using the callers’ imputed preferences, we are able to conduct counterfactual analyses of how various callback policies affect the performance of this call center."
"These are perhaps the first six-man experiments in the Bavelas-type communication networks to be reported."
"In an MMIS, a scientific datum by itself is not information."
"Reverse auctions do not have this flexibility, because it is the auction rules and not the buyer that determines the winner."
"Third, by formulating two hypotheses and presenting tentative evidence from the chemical industry, the paper hopes to convincingly argue that such integrative models lead to empirical testing of interesting hypotheses."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2991.This paper was accepted by Anandhi Bharadwaj, information systems."
"Furthermore, one may utilize a branch and bound technique to find these paths."
"606 pp."
"The model generates “sediment abatement cost frontiers” which summarize the trade-off information needed for watershed planning and management."
"p. 727)Bo Jiang, Xubing ZhangCar dealers and electronics stores regularly offer extended warranties or service plans beyond what the manufacturer offers."
"The paper suggests directions in which the theory of games might be modified and extended to improve its applicability and usefulness."
"and then J. D. Murchland [Murchland, J. D. 1968."
"Analysis shows that when consumers can assess product quality (i.e., the probability of product failure), the manufacturer's warranty is negatively affected by the presence of a service plan."
"Authors' reply to Sandison A. 1977."
"MPCBs can pursue one of three end-product roles: sole entrant, as with 3Com that, until recently, offered its Palm operating system only as part of its own Palm handheld devices; co-optor, as with Canon, whose specialty motors go into its own and HP laser printers; component supplier, as with Intel, which has refrained from making its own PCs."
"While it did not seem likely that all of the judgment factors involved in the setting of loss expectancy rates could be eliminated, it did appear feasible to develop a scientific approach to determining these rates."
"Using a data set of approximately 3,000 commercial banks from more than 100 countries, I examine the impact of financial consumer protection policies on the cost of financial intermediation."
"The predictions of the model are compared with the data on 27 different product categories."
"At the same time, planning at the top administration level has been hampered by a lack of understanding of how primary planning variables are interrelated both through financial constraints and (usually unspecified) criteria for choice."
"This paper explores how government restrictions designed to prevent selective advertising affect the types of information to which consumers are exposed."
"However, in the third product category we find mild evidence of time-varying dynamics, where search decreases over time from already low levels."
"The growth of the private equity industry has spurred concerns about its impact on the economy."
"The purpose of this paper is to furnish a computational scheme for a class of programming problems with nonlinear constraints."
"By varying certain probability levels the model can provide estimates of the sensitivity of efficiency scores regarding an unknown amount of noise in date."
"We apply these results to both random and Markov tournaments."
"We provide evidence that increased elective volume at a hospital is associated with an increase in the cost of emergency care (a negative spillover)."
"However, these forecasts are adjusted after consideration of several land use indicators."
"This study considers a basic inventory management problem with nonzero fixed order costs under interval demand uncertainty."
"A simple IFPS/OPTIMUM example is presented, and two applications are described."
"This paper shows how calendar intervention influences the sample autocorrelation, both by a theoretical study and an actual example."
"Analyses of demutualizations that did not involve public listing of shares suggest that explanations based on wealth, liquidity, and tax-related incentives do not drive the results, and that the ownership of publicly listed shares was instrumental in generating the increase in conservative voting."
"Insufficient variation in data implies that some inputs/outputs can be substituted along the efficient frontier but only in fixed proportions."
"Fairness is a typical example of such a context due to its inherently subjective nature."
"Assignment to orientation week groups with high levels of peer ability is associated with lower performance during the first year at college and a higher probability of early dropout."
"The procedure utilizes the decomposition algorithm of mathematical programming and an efficient technique developed for solving subproblems of the overall portfolio model."
"This paper develops a hubris theory of entrepreneurship to explain why so many new ventures are created in the shadow of high venture failure rates: More confident actors are moved to start ventures, and then act on such confidence when deciding how to allocate resources in their ventures."
"In a recent paper, Lee, So, and Tang (2000) showed that in a two-level supply chain with non-stationary AR(1) end demand, the manufacturer benefits significantly when the retailer shares point-of-sale (POS) demand data."
"In contrast, market-on-close contracts generally cannot be optimal."
"An extension of the procedure is described for dynamic job shop scheduling."
"In this paper the theory of optimal replacement investment decisions is employed to interpret the problem of depreciation accounting and market valuation."
"The cost of operating such systems is significantly affected by decisions on the number and locations of the distribution centers, the allocation of customers to each center, and the routing strategy."
"Previous attempts to solve these problems have imposed constraints that limit their application."
"This paper demonstrates that methods commonly used to determine discrete approximations of probability distributions systematically underestimate the moments of the original distribution."
"We investigate these variables’ relative importance for collective prediction using agent-based simulation."
"Hence, companies may be able to use charity auctions as part of a corporate social responsibility strategy and at the same time increase profitability even though they donate part of the proceeds to charity."
"This raises several interesting questions: how many prototypes should be built, who should pay for them, and how should they and the customized product be priced."
"The paper presents safety data for the period 1977–86 from more than 30 U.S. domestic airlines and 80 international flag carriers."
"They find significant increases in medical students' disparate behaviors by patient race between their first and second years of medical school."
"Consider an infinite-stage inventory process in which the cost of ordering an amount y of stock is ky, and the penalty cost incurred in meeting an excess demand y over the stock on hand is py + q; also, the process assumes that demands at successive stages are random variables drawn from a fixed probability distribution."
"In many decision situations information is available from a number of different sources."
"The genesis of this effect is preference reversal, where the manufacturer is not sure which way to distort the forecast to best motivate the retailer to wait for the new product."
"The redistribution treated here is a complete redistribution of all BW inventories one period before the end of the order cycle."
"Furthermore, we consider endogenizing the servers’ capabilities: assuming that training is costly, we explore the problem of jointly optimizing over the training levels of the system’s server pools, the staffing levels, and the resource allocation policy."
"Using a large direct marketing data set, we tested the endogeneity bias in the recency, frequency, monetary value (RFM) variables using the control function approach; compared the results of Bayesian networks with those of neural networks, classification and regression tree (CART), and latent class regression; and applied a tenfold cross-validation."
"This last point marks a departure from conventional models which stress maximization of “economic welfare” defined as efficiency through maximum social product without consideration for income distribution."
"We motivate theoretically that this policy, which we term “countercyclical offering,” may be optimal for firms when consumers are heterogeneous in their valuation of online content and this heterogeneity varies over time."
"We contrast these results with those obtained for a social welfare-maximizing platform."
"To capture this tradeoff, we develop a double-ended queueing model for an exchange system with two types of donorcandidate pairs, and obtain an optimal dynamic exchange policy by invoking a Brownian approximation."
"Two letters to the Editor.—“To the Editor” by Cyrus Bernstein, Washington, D.C. (suggestion that Longman's Law is a generalization of the Heisenberg Principle of Indeterminacy)—“To the Editor” by Henry Geddes, Agincourt Ontario (refers to the column “Whose Business Do We Want?”"
"However, little systematic study has examined the variation in firm decisions to adopt the Internet."
"It is shown under mild hypotheses that the fractional program has a pseudo-concave objective and that the program always has a unique solution."
"As to the quality of the solutions obtained, in 45 cases, or 49% of the total, the procedure found an optimal solution; for the capital budgeting problems (positive coefficients everywhere), the solution found was on the average within 0.15% of the optimum; for 81 of the 92 problems, it was within 1% of the optimum; and only in 1 case did the procedure not find a feasible solution."
"We consider two modes of social comparison, referred to as behind-averse and ahead-seeking behaviors, depending on whether individuals experience a utility loss from underperforming or a utility gain from overperforming relative to their peers."
"Researchers have found that reference groups shape consumer evaluations of these product categories."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"Information flows and decisions that could be comfortably handled by one “jack-of-all-trades” executive in a small organization or in a dictatorial system, where wastage may be no problem, must be broken down and handled by many specialists."
"These results suggest that in the context of technology ventures, a signal about product characteristics is the key to unlocking the value of signals of market or investment characteristics."
"No gradient evaluations are required."
"This paper uses a data set of over 3,000 U.S. cable TV systems to present evidence consistent with entry deterrence."
"Liquid stock prices are more informative about future firm earnings growth than illiquid stock prices."
"For risk and time preferences, average completion time for our approach is approximately three minutes."
"failure"
"In this paper, using data from an online peer-to-peer holiday property rental platform, we aim to identify and measure the causal impact of market thickness on matching rates."
"1967."
"We use a laboratory experiment to explore two channels through which sponsorship has been posited to increase advancement in a competitive workplace."
"In a model with moral hazard and two investment stages, a full bail-in turns out to be, ex post, the optimal policy to deal with a failing bank."
"The problem of modeling and “optimally controlling” an arms race situation between two nations is a very interesting application, of differential game theory."
"This is especially true if (i) the supplier has a concentrated customer base, (ii) the supplier and the customer have similar operational characteristics, and (iii) the relationship has medium maturity."
"Focussing in particular on the computationally more difficult case where no short sales are permitted, we exhibit a dual problem which arises naturally out of the saddle-point property implied in the Kuhn-Tucker optimising conditions."
"Second, financial distress risk is associated with the incentives provided to new CEOs; distress risk is positively associated with pay-performance sensitivity and equity-based compensation and is negatively associated with cash bonuses."
"We believe, therefore, that the results of this paper illustrate a general approach to the prediction of non-stationary time series, and these are, after all, the type mainly encountered in economic or management problems."
"Baltimore, Md.: The Johns Hopkins Press, 1969, 195 pp.,"
"Diagnostic knowledge-based systems are used in a variety of application domains to support classification decisions."
"In fact, the number of new continuous variables can be kept at n (but constrained in sign) while further reducing the number of new linear constraints from 4n to 2n."
"Overall, our findings contribute to a better understanding of the role of FinTech credit in MSMEs."
"Set in continuous time, the model formalizes the notion that fatigue accumulates with effort, decays with rest, and produces an increase in marginal instant disutility."
"$5;—Naval Operations Analysis."
"A comment to Cord, J. 1964."
"Firms often do not attempt to keep their best employees hidden."
"We introduce a modification of the discounted utility model that accounts for both satiation and habit formation in intertemporal choice."
"Diversity and Performance (p. 529)Feng Li, Venky NagarAre benefits for same-sex partners an expense, or an investment in higher returns?"
"Finally, we test our insights with a numerical example calibrated on data from a solar subsidy program."
"This paper examines search across competing e-commerce sites."
"This paper proposes a new analytical process model that captures both behavioral and economic aspects related to two-party negotiations."
"An a priori analysis of the concept of executive judgment which provides the rationale of these studies is presented elsewhere [Guetzkow, H., G. A. Forehand."
"We consider evaluation design elements that may mollify these position effects in the discussion section."
"The paper provides managerial implications for firms specializing in O2O commerce."
"These developments allow us to analyze ESR implementation in generally extended supply networks."
"Moreover, although individual and other experience act as substitutes before negative news, we find that this substitution significantly curtails following the negative announcement."
"Under the special case of stationary demand single-item pricing, our results improve the understanding of irregular and discrete demand curves, by showing that a static calendar can be (1-1/e)-approximate if the prices are sorted high-to-low."
"Management Sci.21 (4, December) 436–443.],"
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"We relate Internet banking adoption to customer demand for banking services, the availability of alternative channels, customers' efficiency in service coproduction (“customer efficiency”), and local Internet banking penetration."
"We exploit these differences to test predictions about organizational design, investment strategy, capital flows, and fund performance."
"$14.50—reviewed by S. Sherman."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"failure"
"What are the determinants of product line actions?"
"These results are discussed within the more general context of consistency in decision making which has received considerable attention in both the management and psychological literatures, albeit in the more restricted case of non-competitive and stable environments."
"Theoretical models of information asymmetry have identified a trade-off between the desire to learn and the desire to prevent an opponent from learning private information."
"Finally, the determinants of divisionalization are analyzed, and the suggestion is made that a study of the covariance matrix of subunit performance will guide us to the areas that need attention for possible reorganization."
"Operational failures persist, in part because employees work around them without engaging in actions to prevent recurrence."
"Unfortunately, the internal rate depends on this contribution and withdrawal pattern."
"How can those preferences be determined?"
"III (1960), 1963—reviewed by Robert E. Machol."
"A computer program has been written that will apply MAT to the allocation problem for a maximum of 40 facilities."
"However, the lowest quote does not necessarily determine the winner."
"Top management structures in large U.S. firms have changed significantly since the mid-1980s."
"Merger-induced bank branch closings lead to an increase in marketplace loan requests and loan acceptance rates, particularly for debt consolidation loans to lower-risk consumers."
"Despite the common reliance on numerical probability estimates in decision research and decision analysis, there is considerable interest in the use of verbal probability expressions to communicate opinion."
"The procedure involves the simultaneous generation of all (mutually exclusive) possible outcomes and hence the transference of all variability into the objective function of a very much enlarged linear program."
"This paper was accepted by Charles Corbett, operations management."
"This paper documents the effects of last-place aversion in queues and its implications for customer experiences and behaviors, as well as for operating performance."
"We conclude that ideology is a pervasive psychological factor that governs decisions across the domains of politics, investing, and, even, ethics."
"The reasoning is that at the outset of a basic research project, the scientist is acquiring some information, but he is often spending a large portion of his time formulating the problem."
"By combining different theoretical and numerical analyses, we find that the herding behavior is prevalent in many other congested open-routing service networks, including those with arrivals over time, those with stochastic service times, and those with more than two stations."
"It is thought that many maintenance problems derive from inadequate software design and development practices."
"Alternatively, these models and results may provide helpful guidance in particular applications."
"The strategic planning model advocated in this study offers an alternative to the generally accepted goals of maximizing the return on equity or growth in earnings per share."
"Should the post-office department be involved mainly in the transmittal of letters?"
"Two production control policies are proposed for coping with these stochastic interferences."
"$6.95 and paperback $2.95;—Ferguson, Thomas S., Mathematical Statistics: A Decision Theoretic Approach."
"We characterize the seller's signaling strategy and find that rationing of capacity in the advance period is an effective tool of signaling product quality."
"failure"
"Failure to fund Stage 1 of the investment precludes investment in Stage 2, whereas failure to fund Stage 2 results in early termination."
"They show that the volatility of CPDOs was itself volatile and that it was common for risk models to underestimate the probability of extreme spread changes."
"Three stages of development are analyzed: initiation, design, and implementation."
"This paper was accepted by Gérard P. Cachon, information systems."
"The managerial challenge is to construct ex ante an appropriate NPD pipeline by choosing the right number of approaches to be funded at each stage."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, decision analysis."
"Management Sci.11 (4) B-69–B-87."
"We then model measurement error as if question format and other influences cause the consumer to choose the unknown “risk parameter” from a probability distribution and to make his decisions accordingly."
"The purpose of an undersupply penalty is to improve reliability by motivating each firm to commit to quantities it can produce in the following day."
"Also, in the cases where there are two or more independent projects, which are weakly inter-related by common activities, the problem of efficient scheduling of all the projects becomes quite difficult."
"Second, a theoretical analysis of probability assessment was used to develop a new prescriptive elicitation technique."
"The costs caused by fire are described and optimal levels of suppression forces are derived with the objective of minimizing the total costs of suppression plus fire damage."
"For example, prices and aggregate expenditures for services typically used by the elderly are found to increase under “older” age distributions, whereas prices and aggregate expenditures for other services are found to decrease."
"The model is also applicable to other product categories involving more than a single decision maker, including business-to-business products (e.g., office equipment) as well as to products targeting children (e.g., toys)."
"We conclude that independence in the board and executive suite are inversely related; inferring the overall independence from board independence alone can be highly misleading."
"Many interesting results emerge, with important managerial implications."
"Our analysis uses a linear generalization of the celebrated order-up-to inventory policy to settings where capacity costs exist."
"While some attributes of an information system exhibit a consistent directional effect on information value, attributes of the decision setting and decision maker do not."
"Attention is then focused on the evolution of the construct in the literature and the theoretical problems associated with its broader use."
"This research uses an experimental study to answer the following research questions: Is the learning rate maximized through specialization?"
"Public officials with the authority to order hurricane evacuations face a difficult trade-off between risks to life and costly false alarms."
"These results show that HRRP does not provide the right incentives for hospitals to reduce readmissions."
"Numerical results show that this rule almost always agrees with the optimal ordering of stations."
"The auditing policy acts as a deterrence device, and we explain why it requires the commitment of the insurer and how it should affect the incentives of SIU staffs."
"Typically, shareholders are not sure whether boards act in their interest or have been captured by management."
"In many situations, however, it is desirable to permit the individual to express some measure of intensity of preference."
"The “off-the-top” findings of the air-defense experiments conducted in RAND's Systems Research Laboratory between 1952 and 1954 were the training principles that are the basis of the system training program being implemented by the System Development Corporation."
"In addition, partially renewable resources serve to model complicated labor regulations."
"We show demand conditions where, contrary to conventional wisdom, entry of a new downstream firm lowers the downstream-market output and increases the consumer price."
"San Francisco: Holden-Day, Inc., 1968, 272 pp."
"Oper."
"A complexity rating that is a function of the flow dominance and the upper and lower bound to the value of flow dominance is defined for facilities layout problems."
"I derive three key results: (1) Under certain conditions there is a unique equilibrium in which firms that are only slightly different focus all of their investment in different segments, causing small random differences to expand into large permanent differences. ("
"The key question now being posed is: given an equal allocation of work to the respective stations, does the optimal allocation of buffer storage space between the respective pairs of stations follow an analogous pattern (the “storage bowl phenomenon”) whereby the interior buffers (especially the center ones) are given preferential treatment (more space) over the end buffers?"
"Studies of bond return predictability find a puzzling disparity between strong statistical evidence of return predictability and the failure to convert return forecasts into economic gains."
"However, the proliferation of universally redeemed instant rebates suggests the practice may be motivated by additional considerations, an issue we tackle in this paper."
"Manufacturers often use returns policies to encourage retailers to stock and price items more aggressively."
"Furthermore, organization-specific simulation is seen as a potentially useful method of explicating the important tradeoffs in alternative design possibilities."
"This paper analyzes a variation of the secretary problem in which two selectors with different fields of interest each want to appoint one of the n candidates with as much expertise as possible in their field."
"This data was drawn from the London Stock Exchange."
"The concept of a continuum of algorithms for representing the passage of time is advanced."
"Little is known about how decision makers form and update their reference points given a sequence of information."
"1968."
"We also analyze the effects of insider trading in several extensions including asymmetric ownership structure, potential horizontal merger, and common market maker."
"This blocking system is said to be C-reversible if the capacity remains invariant under reversal of the system."
"We build a unique data set based on the teams of academics and firms that proposed research projects to the UK’s Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council."
"For Generalized Least Squares estimates, however, the code runs slower on the Cyber 205 than on the VAX, if the regression model is small; for large models the CYBER 205 runs much faster."
"The SD approach enables a choice of strategies where there are specific stated assumptions on the nature of the underlying utility functions; the decisions are not based on subjective estimates of utility."
"These collaborations vary in terms of the similarity of the competencies that partnering firms bring to the alliance."
"Management Sci.2 (3) 261–271 by W. B. Helgeson and T. T. Kwo, General Electric Co., Louisville, Kentucky."
"In this paper, we study the optimizer’s curse and show that the resulting expected disappointment may be substantial."
"In controlled experiments with students and Amazon Mechanical Turk workers, we find support for these hypotheses."
"Consider a series of companies in a supply chain, each of whom orders from its immediate upstream member."
"In contrast to the large and rapidly growing literature on information technology (IT) investments and firm productivity, we know very little about the role of personal computers in business creation."
"We show that these hybrid entrepreneurs represent a significant share of all entrepreneurial activity."
"Mean delays of individual streams into a queue: the ΣGIi/M/1 queue."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"We show that, for some consumers, part of this behavior may be due to the desire to invest in the property market when housing returns are high."
"The optimal policy variables are determined by minimizing an analytic expression which we derive for the expected insecurity cost rate to the U.S. due to uncertainty in supply of imported oil."
"We establish a lower bound for the present worth of the optimal policy in the case of linearly or exponentially growing demands, and determine the conditions under which the use of the specialized equipment is justified."
"All the qualitative and quantitative results for such problems can then be applied."
"They find that when lawyers cannot contact potential clients by mail, advertising prices per click for search engine advertisements are 5%–7% higher."
"In this study, we examine whether previous inferences of asymmetric stock price reactions to bright-line surprises are observed when empirical tests are designed to be consistent with a rational expectations equilibrium."
"The state of technology can be assumed to improve every period or every so many periods."
"It is defined as the quotient of activities squared divided by events or preceding work items squared divided by work items."
"The restrictions imply that previously studied affine USV models are unlikely to be able to generate the observed cross section of yield volatilities."
"Thus, consumer purchasing behavior may be impacted by the availability information."
"We examine a multi-server queueing system with Poisson arrivals in which customers require simultaneous service from a random number of servers."
"We further establish a form of equivalence between the problem of pricing for a stream of heterogeneous strategic customers and pricing for a pool of heterogeneous customers who may stockpile units of the product."
"We also show that price caps in congested networks are ineffective due to their failure to signal the existence of scarce resources."
"An additional strategy, termed “Avoidance,” is discovered and theoretically justified by subadditivity in ratings."
"By assuming an additive multi-attribute value structure, efficient and heuristic solutions can be translated into value measures that depend only on the relative importance assigned to the criteria of interest."
"To operationalize relative power of a CEO over a CFO, we define CFO co-option as the appointment of a CFO after a CEO assumes office."
"Parts of the address are omitted."
"We find that higher levels of process maturity as assessed by the Software Engineering Institute's Capability Maturity Model™ are associated with higher product quality, but also with increases in development effort."
"New York: Harper & Row, 1969, 394 pp.,"
"This result holds even if for every quantity the punishment under the proportional policy is less than or equal to that under the zero-tolerance policy."
"Founders use this information to decide whether to continue or shut down."
"In 1964, Eastman, Even, and Isaacs (EEI) presented a polynomial time lower bound for the NP-hard problem of scheduling n jobs on m available and identical processors to minimize weighted flow time."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"The paper proposes a new framework for the error analysis."
"The mathematical programming technique used is a form of convex programming."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"We find that imitators sometimes benefit from reductions in their absorptive capacity and that innovators should license either all or none of their knowledge."
"We build a model to measure and account for the cost of quality."
"These findings are consistent with the concept of meritocracy and suggest that it is important to evaluate the perception of gender disadvantages in the workplace environment before implementing quotas."
"Wherever people have gathered to pursue a common and desired end, there has been an inevitable necessity to organize minds, hands, materials, and the use of time for efficient and contributive work."
"Specifically, we study the vehicle development process of a major auto company and use vehicle quality (warranty repairs) as our NPD performance metric."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2630.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"My findings suggest that resource diversion induced by increased government spending is a channel through which government spending may affect corporate innovation."
"These two problems are first formulated in detail as nonlinear 0-1 mixed integer programs."
"Both product innovation and financial performance differ significantly over the groups, and a group of 42 firms that invest heavily in innovation perform best financially."
"As it turns out, who benefits depends on the knowledge of the quality of the base product and the add-on items."
"Based on an analysis of 119 subsidiary top managers, we offer evidence in support of this theory."
"The objective of this paper is to investigate the decision-making procedure for accepting or rejecting investment or financing alternatives available to the firm."
"Consistent with the predictions of our model, the market-level intensity of consumer boycotting of BP-branded gasoline, which was triggered by the BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill, increased with the spill’s egregiousness level, approximated by the officially reported daily amount of oil leaked into the ocean and by other measures (i.e., the duration of the spill and the intensity of media coverage), and with consumers’ disutility from egregiousness, approximated by an area’s environmentalism and its proximity to the Gulf of Mexico."
"Cattin [Cattin, P. Comment on designing scientific journals."
"The firm’s objective is to maximize its long-term average revenue given a steady arrival of strategic customers."
"Our findings can help structure the scientific discussion about digital paywall design and help managers optimize digital paywalls to maximize readership, revenue, and profit."
"It is shown that despite the increase in size of libraries, their standard of service is declining."
"The timing of transport operations and the variability in loading the equipment have a great influence on costs."
"Formal manpower planning has received increasing attention in recent years."
"Such extreme points in the criteria space would be generally less and only these are needed while choosing a nondominated solution for implementation."
"This point of view can be expressed in mathematical terms by considering a “principal” programming problem from which one tries to separate a “reduced” subproblem."
"A firm is more likely to engage in product line actions when its competitors changed their product lines in the past, when the firm is large, and when its price is high."
"This privacy regulation restricted advertisers' ability to collect data on Web users in order to target ad campaigns."
"Directions for potential generalizations are discussed."
"We consider a make-to-stock production environment and use optimal control theory to establish that it is never optimal to delay demand fulfillment."
"This article makes a bridge between the theory of optimal auditing and the scoring methodology in an asymmetric information setting."
"Empirically disentangling the contribution of the jumps from the contribution of the diffusion, we conclude that jumps account for about 90% of the iVaR on average."
"The success of a production policy depends on the quality of local implementation."
"One key factor contributing to emergency department (ED) overcrowding is prolonged waiting time for admission to inpatient wards, also known as ED boarding time."
"We develop an analytical framework to answer one simple question, “How much marketing research should a firm do when it takes resources away from manufacturing the goods that generate revenue?”"
"Regulators of utilities that operate as local monopolies would like to set prices or allow rates of return based upon the quality of a utility's service."
"Management Sci.36(11) 1339–1351.)"
"96 F;—Harman, Harry H., Modern Factor Analysis."
"Centralization entails greater inspection effort by the local supervisor and less bank risk taking if the divergence in the intervention policy of the central and the local supervisors is sufficiently small, but less effort and riskier bank portfolios if the divergence is large."
"$3.00—reviewed by Elie J. Boubli."
"Center of Mathematical Statistics of the Academy of RSR, Bucharest, 71–103 (mimeographed); Bereanu, B. 1970."
"We investigate a firm’s decision to initiate earnings guidance during its first year as a public company following its initial public offering (IPO), which we label “early guidance.”"
"This paper explores the performance of a multi-item production-inventory system."
"Yet, in most cases, the coordinating contract improves social welfare, as compared to FFS, and brings it close to the social optimum."
"This study measures the firm-level productivity impact of nonpecuniary (free) OSS and finds a positive and significant value-added return for firms that have an ecosystem of complementary capabilities."
"Further, they confirm the challenges of reducing mobility in lower income communities, where people generate their income from their daily work."
"It uses decomposition techniques, upper and lower bounding (also across components), elaborate and dynamically chosen bid-ordering heuristics, and a host of structural observations."
"Oxford University Press 1959—reviewed by L. Cote;—Efficiency in Government through Systems Analysis with Emphasis on Water Resource Development, by Ronald N. McKean."
"$11.50;—Calman, Robert F., Linear Programming and Cash Management."
"Managers have long appreciated having loyal customers, and academic research has explored the benefits of loyal consumers as coming from reduced price competition."
"Using data from about 175 firms, I analyze diffusion rates in Japan, Western Europe and the United States, a major purpose being to determine whether, as is often claimed, U.S. firms have been relatively slow to introduce this innovation, and if so, why."
"The results show that the new estimators have asymptotic properties that clearly dominate the classical estimator."
"The work presented in this paper is supported by the AEC Computing and Applied Mathematics Center, Institute of Mathematical Sciences, New York University, under Contract AT(30-l)-1480 with the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission."
"SAP says a symmetric workload allocation exists among the optimal solutions."
"The first model schedules production and assumes either a completely developed field, or, in the case of only partially developed fields, it assumes a given drilling schedule."
"Our contributions are twofold: We find, counter to the thrust of Merton's work, that cumulative advantage is not invariably optimal for the functioning of status contests; and we identify circumstances in which the production of superstars is likely to make contests for status better off in aggregate."
"Since the influence of marketing mix variables upon sales are, in reality, nonlinear and interactive, a geometric programming algorithm is used that solves this problem."
"ReVelle, C., D. Marks, J. Liebman."
"Boston: Bankers Publishing Co., 1967, 177 pp.,"
"This paper develops optimal order quantities for firms that are offered a one-time opportunity to delay payment for an order of a commodity."
"Through a series of game-theoretic models, we characterize when it is beneficial for the buyer to offer EE instruments, including assessment assistance and procurement commitment, and how these instruments interact with third-party assessment assistance to affect the supplier’s EE investment level."
"Outcome cells may, hence, be reached following true or false messages."
"This paper deals with a model of the firm engaged in production to order."
"Suggested empirical implications include the choice of contract clause type depending on the level of uncertainty in a joint development project, one application being the level of partner experience with interfirm collaborations."
"Therefore, a time-varying cash-flow beta/price of risk provides a rational explanation for momentum."
"We test the predictions in a longitudinal study with 112 MBA student project teams."
"The manufacturer's lead time is assumed to be due to the geographical distance from the market or a combination of low volumes, high variety, and inflexible production processes."
"New York: Humanities Press, Inc., 1967, 223 pp.,"
"A necessary and sufficient condition for optimality is given, and a numerical example is solved."
"Such queues arise in remote service systems, notably the Internet and telephone call centers; hence, we refer to them as tele-queues."
"Problems of the latter type are generally known as maximal covering location problems, which may have a number of extensions, including mandatory closeness constraints which place an upper bound on the maximal service time requirement for the entire population."
"This paper further attests to the robustness of these measures by extending the result to a sequential adverse selection model with an inherent real option (an option to abandon)."
"Cash concentration is a routine cash management activity that concerns transfer of funds from bank accounts in remote locations to the firm's central bank accounts."
"This work concerns the advance scheduling of elective surgery when the operating rooms' capacity utilization by emergency surgery, as well as by elective procedures, is uncertain."
"Motivated by the real-world problem of a logistics company, this paper proposes a novel distribution-free prescriptive analytics approach—termed kernelized empirical risk minimization (kernelized ERM)—to solve a complex two-stage capacity planning problem with multivariate demand and vector-valued capacity decisions and compares this approach both theoretically and numerically with an extension of the well-known sample average approximation (SAA) approach termed weighted SAA."
"The maintenance problem is discussed first with respect to short run (daily) routine operating decisions, and then with respect to long run decisions as they relate to equipment design and to maintenance facilities."
"Building on theory and evidence from the behavioral decision-making literature, we describe how founders’ socially constructed confidence affects the manner in which they interpret information about their prior and current ventures."
"The authors propose an approach, called adaptive design optimization, that adapts the stimulus in each experimental trial based on the results of the preceding trials."
"We show that abandonment is influenced by the queue length and the observable queue flows during the waiting exposure, even after controlling for wait time."
"The method results in the optimization of a modified VaR measure, Asymmetry-Robust VaR (ARVaR), that takes into consideration asymmetries in the distributions of returns and is coherent, which makes it desirable from a financial theory perspective."
"We discuss the managerial and policy implications of our findings."
"Modeling facility location problems as generalized assignment problems."
"One explanation lies in the abandonment option, whereby firms with losses are more likely to curtail operations (e.g., Hayn [Hayn C (1995) The information content of losses."
"Despite the success of numerous sporadic efforts in the study of organizations, there is at present no unified theory of organizations."
"The optimization model produces solutions that would have generated an increase of approximately 2% in overall profitability, representing over $6 million annually for the cable network."
"We supplement the analysis with a survey and find supporting evidence for the important role of inattention in determining how consumers adapt to changes in the market."
"$7.95—reviewed by Richard Mattessich."
"In this paper, we describe a general framework for implementing dynamic routing and operational control mechanisms in Workflow Management Systems (WMSs)."
"This paper discusses the linkages between ruin theory and utility theory and indicates how these decision rules can be used to select operating points along the efficient frontier."
"failure"
"Management Sci."
"These agreements work by exerting explicit control over the members who make the agreements."
"Modeling social comparison as a game between players, we find that ahead-seeking behavior leads to output polarization, whereas behind-averse behavior leads to output clustering."
"2) Comments about Jackson, J. R. 1956."
"It is the object of the present paper to consider in some detail the second of these two problems—the efficient selection of purchase motivating themes for activation through advertising."
"With one recent exception (1), it is a more general model than those seen by the authors."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"paperback $4.95;—Weingartner, H. Martin, Mathematical Programming and the Analysis of Capital Budgeting Problems."
"Using the quantified cost estimates, we then provide a simulation framework for evaluating various admission strategies' performance."
"Forecasting data published at irregular time intervals using extension of Holt's method."
"Author's rejoinder to the discussion about his paper (Leitch, R. A. 1974."
"As in the Swedish situation, we have modeled the surprise as an unexpected stagnation in future demand growth and benefit levels."
"However the dual program is found to be inconsistent."
"These results support the use of incentive-based interventions and highlight the importance, for both theory and practice, of examining their extended effects."
"Using these variances, the Chebyshev inequality is applied to determine prediction intervals."
"Third, retailers’ profits first increase in relation to their strategic-reasoning capabilities and then decrease, indicating an inverted U-shaped relationship between profits and strategic-reasoning capabilities."
"Further, simple distribution systems with a single distributor at the “hub” can often be modeled as star-like trees."
"The authors show that traditional wholesale pricing contracts are less effective than revenue-sharing contracts to facilitate information sharing in a supply chain and mitigate the negative effects of information leakage."
"Results indicate that organizations with effective scanning systems tend to align their scanning designs with the requirements of their context."
"In fact, given how vehicles were allocated to dealerships in practice, we find that adding inventory actually lowered sales."
"Alternatively, the OEMs can pool capacity with one another through supply contracts or a joint venture."
"However, this “impossibility” result depends on wanting the rule to work for cases of extreme differences over rankings of acts."
"We have paid particular attention to the writings of economists who have been concerned with testing the validity of economic models."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"We study three regulatory schemes derived from HRRP to determine the impact of each feature and use a principal-agent model to show that (i) HRRP overpenalizes hospitals with excess readmissions because of the multiplier and its effect can be substantial; (ii) having a penalty cap can curtail the effect of financial incentives and result in a no equilibrium outcome when the cap is too low; and (iii) not allowing bonus payments leads to many alternative symmetric equilibria, including one where hospitals exert no effort to reduce readmissions."
"We propose the option realized variance as an observable variable to summarize the information from high-frequency option data."
"For this reason, the first observable has a value above and beyond that which we would assign if there were no possibility of obtaining additional information."
"Experts evaluate 37 project characteristics and subjectively combine data on all cues by examining both critical flaws and positive factors to arrive at a forecast."
"The relationship between organizational complexity (hence cost) and performance is complex and depends on the level of time pressure, training, and the task environment."
"Next, we examine a model in which the primary impact of WOM is to help people to evaluate the utility provided by products with which they are already familiar."
"failure"
"Six suppliers' extended payment scenarios are evaluated."
"Numerical experiments demonstrate that the proposed method leads to dramatic variance reduction in QMC methods for pricing options."
"By manipulating rider names and profile pictures, we observe drivers’ behavior patterns in accepting and canceling rides."
"Finally, the methodology's potential management and regulatory applications are discussed."
"On average, the officers' stay/leave behavior conforms with the model's predictions."
"Economists have long studied competition between profit maximizing firms."
"The results suggest that a fund's investment and financial policies reflect differences in investor clienteles and the regulatory environment."
"Hence this application of the computer was the foot in the door needed to get this industry off to a sound start financially."
"The insight for management: Ranking-based pay increases can inspire more effort, but some misguided efforts might be toward diminishing others' perceived output rather than increasing team output."
"Extensive numerical experiments are conducted to investigate the computational efficiency of the two procedures."
"Investors consider the possibility that every period there is a regime change by keeping track of many models, but doubt that any specification is able to perfectly predict the distribution of future returns, and compute portfolio choices that are robust to model misspecification."
"This paper was accepted by Karl Diether, finance."
"The consumer has to decide how to act on unbinding and unverifiable claims."
"Of particular importance is the ability of STDP to reproduce characteristics of the joint tails of the distribution in order for database users to answer higher-level questions."
"Comparing the two strategies, we find the unexpected result that the Quota cutoff strategy is generally superior to the Level, except under on of two fairly uncommon set of circumstances: when evaluation cost is prohibitively high, or when there is a fallback option of very high quality."
"Between these two extremes there is an optimum which we propose to seek."
"In our model, two firms engage in socially wasteful competition for survival in a declining industry."
"Approximations for the distribution of number of failures are obtained for the BAO model for new, large series systems."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"I address potential endogeneity concerns by using instrumental variable analysis, and by showing that innovation increases significantly after new public debt offerings and seasoned equity offerings, but does not change after new bank loans."
"The IPOs that we predict to be most susceptible to overpricing in the immediate aftermarket have first-day returns of +47% and lockup expiration returns of −9%."
"Demands occurring when the system is out of stock are assumed to be backordered."
"Recently, however, techniques aiming at quantification—such as linear programming and search theory—have been gaining favor."
"Based on data from firms in the personal computer industry, we study the effect of new product introductions on three key drivers of firm value: profit rate, profit-rate persistence, and firm size as reflected in asset growth."
"We examine a game theoretic duopoly investment model in which (i) a firm can learn about the profitability of the investment by observing the performance of the first mover and (ii) externalities exist between the investments of two firms."
"This framework allows the estimation of the effort required to use the strategy in a choice environment, while simultaneously measuring its accuracy relative to a normative model."
"In Study 1, we analyze 1,233 judges forecasting almost 200 current events to illustrate the superiority of our model over unweighted models and models weighted by measures of absolute performance."
"Moreover, we discuss four potential mechanisms that could cause the proposed effect."
"With the current research we contribute to the understanding of line design by using archival data from a manufacturing line."
"The intent of this paper is to test Mulvey and Crowder's proposal using the mixture model approach; i.e., by applying a number of algorithms (including one for the p-median problem) to a set of objects randomly sampled from a number of known multivariate populations and comparing the ability of each algorithm to detect the original populations."
"This paper was accepted by Gad Allon, operations management."
"Although a promotion take-up does seem to represent new demand rather than mere substitution of a booking that would have occurred anyway, longitudinal data analysis reveals little evidence of a lasting treatment effect on long-term demand beyond the promotion period for either kind of promotion."
"Detailed flow charts of this procedure are given, and its performance is compared with that of 2 other algorithms."
"Industrial (and governmental) secrecy is often present."
"Management Sci.. 18 406–421.]."
"Further, we found the transfer price approach yields more nearly optimal plans in the first few iterations than a combination of prices and budgets which in turn, is more efficient than budgets only."
"The crucial problem in education would seem to be the development of individuals who have the intellectual curiosity and competence of our best research students and yet retain the pragmatism, perception, and judgment of our best practitioners."
"We find that the difference in social welfare between the profit-maximizing and social-welfare–maximizing platforms is relatively modest."
"We believe that this happened, in part, because the Internet Dutch auctions are a slow process in which bidders incur incremental transaction costs if they delay bidding."
"The insight for management: Efficient customers and those with high service demand show greater postadoption profitability."
"Additional work has appeared since the bibliography was compiled."
"For ambiguity sets containing all distributions supported on a hypercube, we show that the Vickrey auction is the unique mechanism that is optimal, efficient, and Pareto robustly optimal."
"The quantitative model is based on the minimization of the total cost (sum of the transportation and facility costs) to the society."
"This paper demonstrates the applicability of the reference point concept to intertemporal choice."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"This paper outlines a heuristic computer program for locating warehouses and compares it with recently published efforts at solving the problem either by means of simulation or as a variant of linear programing."
"Seymour Melman."
"Low demand helps sustain tacit collusion, because deviation from tacit collusion yields only a limited increase in profit when demand is low."
"One identifiable pattern of mistakes was that subjects had relatively more difficulty reporting cardinal as opposed to ordinal preference information."
"We compare two approaches the buyer could use to orchestrate this competition: (1) a supplier-allocation (SA) approach, which allocates a proportion of demand to each supplier with the proportion allocated to a supplier increasing in the quality of service the supplier promises to offer, and (2) a supplier-selection (SS) approach, which allocates all demand to one supplier with the probability that a particular supplier is selected increasing in the quality of service to which the supplier commits."
"A lack of synchronization between cash inflows and outflows presents the problem of investing positive net flows and financing negative net flows."
"Statist."
"Our study focuses on an observable managerial choice of how to deliver proxy materials to maximize retail turnout."
"Equivocating by providing probabilities is more successful at inducing the siren action."
"This paper was accepted by Jesper Sørensen, organizations."
"Collaborative planning on replenishment, in the form of vendor-managed inventory (VMI), is directly and positively related to manufacturer margins, while collaboration on new products and services is positively related to intermediate performance measures."
"This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"We study platform design in online markets in which buying involves a (nonmonetary) cost for consumers caused by privacy and security concerns."
"Our findings have important implications for practitioners designing matching procedures and for researchers who study them."
"Many nonlinear programming algorithms utilize a one-dimensional search along directions generated by the algorithm."
"Res. ("
"From a theoretical perspective, they combine graph theory, probability theory and decision theory."
"The use of business insurance has been traditionally studied in a single-firm setting, but in reality preventing operational accidents involves the (unobservable) efforts of multiple firms."
"Some properties of the dual are developed as the hyperbolic approximation model converges to the actual location model."
"In our context, the redemption rate increased from the low-percentile users to the high-percentile users."
"Based on a unique setting from Amazon lightning deals, which displays the percentage of inventory consumed in real time, we explore whether and how consumers learn from inventory availability information."
"Advertisers use online customer data to target their marketing appeals."
"Doing so allows us to further characterize optimal promotion strategies."
"A similar deflator is presented here for German industrial R&D expenditures."
"Some of the characteristics examined include size of research grant, number of subordinates in the research project, and preferences for type of research problems investigated."
"The findings are compared to those of Watts (Watts, R. The Time Series Behavior of Quarterly Earnings."
"The algorithms developed for optimal policies exploit known features of the economic lot size problem."
"We restrict ourselves to a class of strategies in which a collection of regions (sets of retailers) is specified which cover all outlets: if an outlet belongs to several regions, a specific fraction of its sales/operations is assigned to each of these regions."
"Momentum and Organizational Risk Taking: Evidence from the National Football League (p. 852)David W. Lehman, Jungpil HahnDoes going for it on fourth down build momentum, or is the risk unwarranted?"
"Simulated data is presented for three cases in a two-competitor market."
"One of the most fruitful functions of this new Institute, in my opinion, would be to put some of its intellect and energy into developing such techniques."
"Otherwise, the job will cycle back to the bottleneck stage for rework operation."
"These observations are consistent with the predictions of an analytical staffing model that incorporates technology adoption and vertical differentiation."
"Fallible inconsistency occurs when an a priori suboptimal second-period action ceases being suboptimal from the perspective of the second-period preferences."
"We also analyze the impact of telemedicine technology on patient utility and the specialists’ operating decisions."
"Is this an effective way to generate an immediate sale?"
"We show that the same model is capable of capturing these violations in two separate bargaining experiments."
"In the deterministic case, the economic impact of storage capacity constraints may be reduced, and the utilization of the available facilities increased, by replenishment policies which include delivery schedules designed to avoid unnecessary clustering of order arrivals in the course of time."
"We demonstrate that experience with a fine, controlling for the effect of learning new information, significantly boosts future compliance."
"We explain the reasons and welfare implications of our findings."
"Our results are suggestive of positive assortative matching in terms of ability and type, while the matching is negative assortative in terms of their interactions."
"Software maintenance claims a large proportion of organizational resources."
"The problem has two unusual sequencing aspects, namely, (1) a product to be sequenced can be split up amongst the reactors which, described in sequencing literature as job-splitting, is not usually allowed in machine sequencing problems and (2) the number of products to be sequenced on a given equipment as well as the product sequence need to be simultaneously determined."
"In this paper, we extend the results of Ogryczak and Ruszczyński for second degree stochastic dominance to third degree stochastic dominance."
"Such a systematic method of writing can be expressed in the technical notation of modern symbolic logic or in a modified form of ordinary English prose that can be easily understood by readers who have not had any training in modern logic."
"Since the cost of producing energy using a particular technology will be different for different producers, a number of technologies will be adopted in the market rather than a single, “least-cost” technology."
"In particular, we can identify these derivatives using a sensitivity measure which can be calculated for each type of component."
"The “Management Sciences” must have a science foundation upon which to build a structure to serve management."
"We describe two applications of the model—one in inventory management and one in pharmaceutical drug discovery—to illustrate its applicability and versatility."
"Our results can be extended to the case of the seller being more risk averse than the buyers."
"The second method, dynamic programming, is capable of increasing the size of problems that are computationally feasible."
"The Cartesian integration method in stochastic linear programming."
"The authors explore this assumption by examining the role of services in the financial performance of firms in the prepackaged software products industry from 1990 to 2006."
"If the planning problem can be interpreted as a question of feasibility (i.e., will we win or lose?)"
"In contrast, we propose a new and very general framework, called Smart “Predict, then Optimize” (SPO), which directly leverages the optimization problem structure—that is, its objective and constraints—for designing better prediction models."
"Are product line actions and elasticities symmetric across market leaders and followers?"
"The algorithm is of the branch-and-bound type, and differs from previous interactive algorithms in several ways."
"The object of the paper is to show which axioms of group choice lead to which formulas for consensus."
"Keeping the net profit structure constant, we examine three payment schemes that can be interpreted as the newsvendor's order being financed by the newsvendor herself (scheme O), by the supplier through delayed order payment (scheme S), and by the customer through advanced revenue (scheme C)."
"The groups are based on 27 measured elements of corporate environment, corporate strategy, and formal and informal organization."
"The answer to this question appears to be ambiguous."
"Among these are patterns in the diffusion of information, the specialization of firms, the locus of innovation, and the nature of problems selected by problem solvers."
"These models serve as the basis for the negotiated development of a consensus system model which defines the framework for the decision-oriented analysis of information requirement."
"We also show that … Implicit understandings result in greater channel profits than in their absence."
"With uncertainty and limited resources, an analysis is never perfect, so these value estimates are subject to error."
"We document that the strength of negatively reciprocal inclinations affects workers’ reaction to unfair treatment."
"Furthermore, we develop a measure of the relative spillover intensity in the right and left tails of the conditional distribution that provides a timely aggregate measure of systemic financial fragility and that can be used for risk management and monitoring purposes."
"Moreover, adapting the merchant's optimal trading policy to the spot-price stochastic evolution has substantial value."
"I find that the real effects of a credit supply shock are linked to local lending market characteristics."
"We present the underlying probability model that enables us to denote the variance of the sample mean as a function of the autoregressive representation of the process under study and describe the estimation and testing of the parameters of the autoregressive representation in a way that can easily be “built into” a computer program."
"Davis, F. D., R. P. Bagozzi, P. R. Warshaw."
"Firms that value a knowledge system most should also be most selective in recording information."
"It is not the purpose of this article to explore the full ramifications of these research developments or even to explore the general field of linear programming."
"Here it is shown how given a similar relaxation on any set of variables, a structurally simpler problem is obtained, which can be regarded as a shortest route problem over an Abelian (but not necessarily finite) group."
"The behavior of a uniformly sampled network of job-shop queues is characterized and interpreted using multiple time series."
"Each of these can be solved by column generation techniques."
"The participants in the panel represented a wide enough segment of those who have been active in linear programming to permit brief coverage of a major portion of the active applications."
"A questionnaire on the use of hand calculators was submitted to a sample group."
"The converse is also true."
"In these settings, PFP affects managers' incentive to influence goal levels in addition to affecting performance effort."
"The upper loss bound is small, and our method performs well in comparison with two existing methods."
"suggests an extension of the EPQ model described in [Szendrovits, A. Z. 1975."
"In a recent paper, [Bellman, Richard."
"The effect of decreases in food energy intake on the activity pattern of an individual may be described by an Mx/M/1 queueing model."
"Subject to this the objective of running a mine is assumed to be maximizing the direct operating profits which consist of proceeds from the sale of ore minus direct operating cost of extraction, transportation, and upgrading."
"Several influential studies have concluded that earnings surprises just to the right or to the left of a hypothesized bright line produce distinct price reactions compared with surrounding earnings surprises because they convey special meaning."
"An individual is said to be potentially miscalibrated if he is not sure whether his future subjective probability assessments will agree with observed frequency."
"Our computational results indicate that ISCENT can be an order of magnitude more efficient than commercial solvers, such as CPLEX, for convex instances with no more than eight constraints."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, stochastic models and simulation."
"Earlier, Singhal et al. ("
"For example, we show that under certain conditions, a firm should optimally delay investment in process change until sufficient accumulation of knowledge is achieved."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"The firm uses free offers to attract low-valuation agents and to get them more engaged in the spread."
"This paper documents the long-run stock price performance of firms with effective Total Quality Management (TQM) programs."
"We combine new information technology (IT) offshoring and IT workforce microdata to investigate how the use of IT offshore captive centers is affecting the skill composition of the U.S. onshore IT workforce."
"Managerial implications are described."
"Alterations that should be made to the text of the author's article “On the Determination of Occupational Categories in an Organization,” Management Science, Vol."
"We close by speculating on the implications of our results for the difficult but important question of whether, in this setting, patenting acts as a substitute or a complement to the process of fundamental research."
"Both approximations yield errors less than 10 percent, on average, when compared to simulation estimates."
"Management Sci.22 261–273.)"
"$17.50—reviewed by Morton Klein;—Teoria Delle Code by G. Avondo Bodino and F. Brambilla."
"The welfare gain from these larger inventories splits nearly equally into retailer profit and consumer surplus."
"I hypothesize that change increases the risk of negative stress, and I test this hypothesis using a comprehensive panel data set of all stress-related medicine prescriptions for 92,860 employees working in 1,517 of the largest Danish organizations."
"Our analysis suggests that, when introducing a new technology, significant penalties may be associated with mistiming introduction."
"Analysis of executives' written descriptions of these decisions suggests some reasons for this difference."
"Finally, we review contemporary analyses of the bases of general value systems, and consider their relationship to current research in management value systems."
"Given this information, we propose to seek financial positions that perform best with respect to the most pessimistic estimation of the level of risk potentially perceived by the decision maker."
"Plausible numerical examples which confirm our theoretical results and provide additional insights are reported."
"This learning perspective offers a novel explanation of escalation, suggesting that escalation may occur without distorted motivation or cognition."
"Because stochastic volatility is the most natural explanation for the excess kurtosis, we estimate an extended version of the S&P model with stochastic volatility and find that the volatility-of-volatility is large and significant."
"The data flow/data processing quality control model is designed to address several dimensions of data quality at the collection, input, processing and output stages."
"An E-M algorithm is described within a maximum likelihood framework to estimate the group proportions, the group-specific regression coefficients, and the degree of overdispersion in event rates within each derived group."
"Moreover, we consider the effectiveness of discounts (store credit) as a means to influence the consumers’ registration decision."
"Optimality criteria for Markov decision processes have historically been based on a risk neutral formulation of the decision maker's preferences."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, operations management."
"We term this setting—in which the number of uncertainties is large but all estimates have low precision—the small-data, large-scale regime."
"Interestingly, in their experiment, simply by explicitly calling them by their name, “sabotage,” such destructive activities are reduced."
"Advances in information technology have had a dramatic impact on the ability of firms in a supply chain to share information, and numerous firms have taken advantage of these advances."
"The authors' modeling shows that when demand is lower than a certain proportion of the initial inventory level, the manager will pad sales and release the inflated sales report."
"Finally, we discuss the generalizability of our framework."
"In this new setting, the content and Internet service providers find themselves in a relationship that is simultaneously cooperative and competitive."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"When the qualities are similar (or the consumer preference for variety is strong), prices and profits are higher than would be obtained in the absence of variety seeking."
"More generally, we show that the optimal information-provision policy can be obtained as the solution of a large-scale linear program."
"The main difference between the two papers is that while Welam's analysis is in discrete time, Gould's is in continuous time."
"Within the rational base of a job evaluation system, there exist abundant possibilities for the expression of value logics."
"After controlling for founders' prior work experience and other organizational and environmental factors, I find that firms with proportionally more Ph."
"How do firms develop the capabilities necessary to succeed in such changing conditions?"
"In this paper, the comparative effectiveness of three procedures for group opinion summarization: standardized scores, sum of ranks, and zero-one scoring, are studied by means of a simulated nominal group process."
"Samuel Goldberg."
"An important challenge of such an approach to modeling heterogeneity lies in its estimation."
"For example, the paper draws on three different literatures: the psychological literature dealing with perception and cognition, the social-psychological literature dealing with the role of motivation in communications, and the organizational literature dealing with behavior in information systems."
"The analysis demonstrates that in the presence of multiple segments, the unraveling result applies at the firmwide level but not necessarily segment by segment."
"The Matthew Effect is preferable in two situations: in small tournaments where variation in underlying ability translates into acute advantages for the most capable contestants and in large tournaments whose contestants face constant marginal costs."
"Computational results are reported for tests of the methods against dynamic programming solutions for small problems."
"Approximation errors are then defined as the value penalty incurred by approximating an efficient solution with its heuristic alternative."
"This paper deals with the determination of optimal advertising strategies for new product diffusion models."
"Our data set combines information from 30,550 European patents with matched survey data obtained from 1,880 inventors."
"Unfortunately, these reciprocal comments can distort the reliability of reputation information in a market, hampering trust and trade efficiency."
"Secondly, it may be assumed that the distribution is known but that one or more parameters characterizing the distribution are unknown."
"Evidence suggests that although those with the very least to lose do enter entrepreneurship with greater frequency, opportunity cost has at best a modest role to play in explaining the small firm effect."
"We turn this familiar observation into an economic design problem: upon drawing a random object (the fruit), we learn the realized utility of each agent and can compare it to the mean of the agent’s distribution of utilities; no other statistical information about the distribution is available."
"The proposed estimation algorithm finds parameter values for which the associated optimal plans are as near as possible to the observed ones on average."
"Programming real-time computer systems."
"When set-up times are positive, the approximation may result in an infeasible solution."
"This study uses a data-driven approach to explore how bidders react to the complexity in such auctions using three experimental feedback treatments."
"The use of goal programming for the solution of the multiple criteria problem is discussed."
"In this paper we apply the strategy of trend-damping to the popular Winters exponential smoothing systems for seasonal time series."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2841.This paper was accepted by Neng Wang, finance."
"More specifically, the several determinants of the probability or extensiveness of each process's occurrence are identified."
"Second, we characterize the optimal portfolio policy in the presence of capital gains tax when using the exact tax basis."
"Res.18.]"
"In this setting, we characterize how moderate and urgent customers should be prioritized for service when proactive service for moderate customers is an option."
"This process, then, is mostly self-perpetuating and automatic."
"When collateral is committed to a firm’s counterparties, a solvent firm may default if it lacks sufficient liquid assets to meet its payment obligations."
"Because most of the greater inventor mobility in Silicon Valley corresponds to inventors moving from incumbents to recent entrants, the benefits that arise from greater mobility rates will be disproportionately reaped by new firms."
"Overall, our analysis indicates that systematic, operational changes in the early stages of managing new opioid patients may offer a promising, and hitherto overlooked, opportunity to curb the opioid epidemic."
"We show that applicants to graduate programs in psychology in Israel often report that they prefer to avoid receiving funding, even though the mechanism preserves privacy and funding comes with no strings attached and constitutes a positive signal of ability."
"Are there any differences between the verification of computer models and the verification of other types of models?"
"failure"
"Finally, we discuss some of the implications of the model we have assumed and propose other models that might be worthy of merit."
"An interesting and useful feature of the dual problem is that it is a concave programming problem, whereas the primal problem is not."
"I hope that the future issues of the journal will more and more emphasize the problems of measurement and data-determination, just as they have emphasized “theoretical” formulations in the past."
"In this paper, we propose combining data from both surrogate and true outcomes to improve decision making within a late-phase clinical trial."
"This finding is inconsistent with statistical discrimination predictions and challenges the idea that statistical discrimination is primarily responsible for racial disparities in patient care."
"We adopt a distributionally robust model to find inventory levels that minimize the worst-case expected cost among the distributions consistent with this information."
"The algorithm iteratively employs a subgradient method for determining lower bounds and a simple search procedure for determining upper bounds."
"Assuming that each dealer uses a base-stock and threshold-rationing policy for his inventory-stocking and inventory-sharing decisions, we explicitly model the interactions between the dealers through inventory sharing and obtain a closed-form cost function for each dealer based on the steady-state distribution of the inventory levels at the two dealers."
"Of particular interest, the risk premium is increasing in the term structure slope; however, for either small or negative slopes, the risk premium is much more sensitive to changes in interest rates."
"This paper was accepted by Ramayya Krishnan, information systems."
"1975."
"On the other hand, larger trade–offs, i.e., higher conflict, reveal more information about an individual's preferences and mitigate the influence of measurement unreliability on preference model estimation."
"Moreover, this effect on liquidity premia increases in the volatility difference, which is supported by our empirical analysis."
"The second is a branch and bound algorithm intended for cases where the number of time periods is large but the structure is close to serial."
"For illustrative purposes, optimal policies of each type are computed for a hypothetical ballistic missile system."
"The authors present a method that dynamically designs elicitation questions for estimating risk and time preference parameters."
"These factors in turn depend upon the strength of the network effect and the degree to which the innovator's product quality is perceived by consumers to be superior to the clone's."
"Consumer valuations are shaped by choice sets, exemplified by patterns of substitution between alternatives as choice sets are varied."
"We develop an analytical model to study the timing of the exit strategy."
"But, the differences may be even greater and more significant when comparisons are made on a cross-national basis."
"We develop the concepts of problem-solving tasks and moves to describe technical support work, while using call resolution time and problem escalation as measures of productivity."
"This paper was accepted by Ashish Arora, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"To this end, we model a direct product collection system, in which the manufacturer collects used products directly from the consumers (e.g., print and copy cartridges) and an indirect product collection system, in which the retailers act as product return points (e.g., single-use cameras, cellular phones)."
"The authors investigate how information asymmetry and procurement contracting strategies interact to influence the supply chain parties' incentives to collaborate."
"The experiment employed paid subjects who worked between four and eight hours to learn both a procedural task and a continuous control task (assembling and disassembling a mechanical apparatus)."
"The purpose of this paper is to consider the problem of validating computer models in the light of contemporary thought in the fields of philosophy of science, economic theory, and statistics."
"The short lead time of the responsive SpeedFactory reduces the risk of making large volumes in advance, yet it does not involve a complete reshoring of demand."
"We test the theory through a field experiment, varying the sales compensation structure of a major retail chain in Sweden."
"The axioms provide a framework for understanding previous results, and are used to derive a new method for combining event probabilities from different sources into a single estimate."
"We report a laboratory experiment in which subjects managed a set of simulated software development projects."
"First, conglomerates became significantly more leveraged relative to comparable focused firms."
"In doing this, we study the relative dynamic pricing implications of how current retail and wholesale prices for a brand must optimally take into account past and future demand, respectively, for the brand."
"Though future work in this area appears justified, there are many unresolved problems which limit application."
"The system described retrieves information on a real-time basis from a large file of technical and inventory data stored on magnetic disk memory."
"To numerically compute the critical levels, we model consecutive inventory levels as a Markov Chain, whose steady-state distribution is used to compute the holding, shortage and transportation costs."
"ZAMM51 560.]"
"This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"failure"
"failure"
"The size of many modern organizations has brought to the surface problems of communication and decision-making of a very different nature to those confronted by smaller groups."
"A Port Authority Operations Research team studied the problem using traffic simulation and Monte Carlo methods on an IBM 650 Computer."
"We conducted prediction markets designed to forecast post-initial public offering (IPO) valuations before a particularly unique IPO: Google."
"The influence of rain on the harvesting of crops is one such situation."
"This novel examination presents an opportunity to advance our knowledge of this important question, particularly because many theories predict that balancing behaviors in other domains (e.g., reduced exercise) can occur."
"Furthermore, the sizes of these classes are uncertain."
"Given nonconvergence, a branch and bound strategy is used to find the optimal solution."
"They are unique in that they consider risk aversion and probabilistic dependence among the values of the leases, with both bid levels and partnership shares as (continuous) decision variables."
"We develop a nonlinear, integer programming formulation of the problem."
"It is shown that this model can also be handled using algorithms designed for the univariate case."
"We illustrate the use of our control rule, using data for the period 1968–1984 of the Cola War Marketing implications of the results are provided."
"A key aspect of our method lies in extracting information from the number of transactions where one or both trading partners choose to remain silent."
"Of course, from a total cost perspective, Pareto white lies are more efficient because they help both parties."
"Five years ago this question held no interest for businessmen."
"Correspondingly, we expect myopic decision makers to allocate higher than optimal expenditures to sales promotions."
"I find no difference in the effort and piece rate between the matched- and random-mission conditions."
"In Model 2, all reneging is replaced by balking."
"This paper explores the implications of measurement error on the estimation of the unknown parameters in vN-M utility functions and provides procedures to deal with measurement error."
"We propose a two-dimensional framework in which a platform selects prices for different locations and drivers respond by choosing where to relocate, in equilibrium, based on prices, travel costs, and driver congestion levels."
"St. Louis, Missouri: St. Louis University Press, Vol."
"We find that the value of such a disposal strategy is substantial, e.g., about $118 per kilowatt-year when negative prices occur 10% of the time, but smaller than that of the storage strategy, e.g., about $391 per kilowatt-year using a typical battery."
"259–267.]."
"We use this lower bound to show that the effectiveness of direct shipping over all inventory-routing strategies is at least 94% whenever the Economic Lot Size of each of the retailers is at least 71% of vehicle capacity."
"This leads to a discussion of the function attitudes might serve for the user other than the evaluation of an information system or IS staff."
"When market conditions change in the future, these neglected customers could be essential to maintaining profitability, but their goodwill toward the firm may be so diminished that their business will not materialize when it is needed most."
"In this system, limit orders may be conditioned on an index (any weighted average of the security prices that is determined simultaneously with the prices) in addition to the asset price."
"The zones may be considered at a hierarchy of levels such as global, national, regional, subregional, urban and even particular project sites."
"We show that this relation between early economic conditions and advisor misconduct remains after controlling for differences in hiring firms, advisor characteristics, and opportunities to commit misconduct."
"This is robust to measures of performance persistence, time period effects, and other contract terms and is related to exit-timing incentives."
"By offering the reward programs, firms can effectively reduce available capacities when the market demand is low, and hence credibly show their unwillingness to undersell."
"The results indicate that the structure of model uncertainty, and specifically how model disagreement varies in abatement, is the key driver of optimal abatement and that model uncertainty warrants a higher level of climate change mitigation."
"In general, it is non-optimal to estimate, on the basis of past experience and as a basis for present action, an a posteriori statistical parameter other than the optimal action itself."
"I test this framework on data on the 1,397 patents assigned to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology during the 1980-1996 period."
"Needs for additional data and for more comprehensive analysis have brought changes in accounting to provide more frequent and more detailed information."
"This paper reports the results of a simulation study of the impact of autocorrelation on performance in an FIFO queue."
"Previous measures, focusing on either the international market or product dimension of corporate diversification, have been unsatisfactory for analyzing global diversification since both dimensions constitute important elements of a firm's global diversification strategy."
"Moreover, we show that misestimating the correlation between market crashes and market illiquidity can be costly to investors."
"Fighting City Hall: Entry Deterrence and Technology Upgrades in Cable TV Markets (p. 461)Robert C. SeamansHow does government bailout of automotive and financial companies affect competition?"
"These constructs are linked together in a stage model and subsequently operationalized and tested using LISREL."
"We propose that extremely novel technologies may need “hot” financial markets to get through the initial period of discovery or diffusion."
"It can also be useful by showing to what extent rational models need to be elaborated for an optimum result in applications."
"This paper proposes a new model that explicitly considers dyadic decision making in drug prescription and allows assessment of the relative influence that physicians and patients have in making decisions concerning new as well as existing ethical drugs."
"The dual of a mixed-integer quadratic program can be formulated as a minimax problem whose quadratic objective function is linear in the integer-constrained variables, and whose linear constraint set does not contain the latter."
"Despite its promises, little is known about the nature of an individual's ideation efforts in such an online community."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"They show that competitive incentives may induce agents to work harder but not necessarily smarter."
"It is further shown that the last case is a general model, from which the first two and several other special cases may be derived."
"The motivation for this paper is a problem faced by banks which process large volumes of deposited checks."
"failure"
"This trade-off is not present when data are scarce, an assumption made in most of the existing literature on optimal information search strategies."
"We pay special attention to interdependencies that involve the vertical hierarchy."
"Which of these capabilities have the most impact on the strategic delay in purchasing in order to obtain the item later at a discount?"
"Two cases are studied, using the uniform and the exponential distributions, which may be thought of as two extreme ways of representing stochastic lead times."
"Furthermore, since it increasingly is being urged that subsidy payments be linked to the performance of a transit system, and since subsidies now constitute over half of transit revenues, the performance measurement problem is particularly important."
"In the last several years there have been a number of papers discussing optimal policies for the inventory problem."
"The findings differ in this regard from the general literature."
"After characterizing the form of an optimal solution, we present an O(T5) algorithm when the production capacities are stationary."
"This restricts the GBM’s prescriptive use, for example, to derive the optimal price path for a new product, conditional on an assumed launch price, but not the launch price itself."
"This bias is significantly larger than the bias in Democratic areas."
"Specifically, when consumers underestimate their value, it is essential to use a binding list price to inform the consumers about the market’s price ceiling."
"This is quite understandable for, until comparatively recently, there was little theory in the field of management science."
"R. Howard (R. Howard.1960."
"This paper was accepted by J. George Shanthikumar, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"The challenge of estimating a dynamic game with serially correlated unobserved state variables subject to endogenous feedback is overcome by embedding a particle filter-based technique in a nested fixed-point algorithm."
"Empirical evidence is provided for a sample of 411 firms from the German business-related services sector."
"$5.00—reviewed by Nathan Brodsky;—Executive Decisions and Operations Research by David W. Miller and Martin K. Starr."
"In this model, two such jobs are considered: (a) a “queue job” i.e., serving customers in a queue, and (b) performing another task which does not involve waiting customers (called “fixed work”)."
"We find that the PSMD lower bound is tighter than a perfect information bound."
"Based on this process model, it is possible to predict (1) conditions under which agreements will not be reached despite the existence of a zone of agreement, (2) conditions under which agreements will be reached, and (3) the patterns of the negotiators' offers and counteroffers."
"The persistence of learning within organizations and the transfer of learning across organizations are examined on data collected from multiple organizations."
"Strengths and weaknesses of the model are detailed based on questionnaire and interview data provided by the potential users of the system."
"Consequently, screening programs have been designed to identify subjects as normotensive (normal) or hypertensive (abnormal)."
"4, pp."
"On larger computers, IFPS, System W, and FCS-EPS are among the most widely used systems; while on personal computers, Multiplan and 1-2-3 enjoy great popularity."
"In purchase situations where attribute information is either missing or difficult to judge, a well-known heuristic that consumers use to form evaluations is the halo effect."
"We propose that, even if the pecuniary incentives of both parties do not vary from one assistance process to another, the assistance process itself impacts the customer’s and supplier’s nonpecuniary motives that give rise to trust and trustworthiness."
"This significant simplification provides the first general, closed-form condition for commonality adoption and identifies its value drivers."
"The effect has generally been a large increase in both the population and land area of the cities, as the nearby rural areas are taken out of agricultural production and urbanized."
"These models lead to new worst-case polyhedral VaR (WPVaR) and worst-case quadratic VaR (WQVaR) approximations, respectively."
"This paper extends this research by considering how loyalty affects firms’ decisions to facilitate search for nonloyal consumers."
"Our results clearly indicate that effective implementation of TQM principles and philosophies leads to significant wealth creation."
"Given the unique features of PLC and ARC, we develop models to analyze their impacts on consumers, farmers, and the government."
"For some games the solution can be defined essentially in terms of payoff-dominance concepts."
"Studios sometimes withhold movies from critics before their release, opting instead for a “cold opening.”"
"This simple allocation scheme, may, of course, lead to out-of-balance BW inventories towards the end of the CW's order cycle."
"The researcher and the manager: A dialectic of implementation."
"Analytical models are first utilized to investigate the extent to which these adverse effects can be overcome through (1) reduction in setup time, (2) lot sizing, (3) reduction in the variability of process-times and job arrivals, and, (4) reduction in processing times through productivity improvements, all arising from part family-oriented processing."
"The value of information measure appears in this context to be useful in detecting temporal changes in the information structure, in a fashion somewhat analogous to the use of control limits."
"This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"This confirms previous findings."
"The two approaches thus appear to be essentially equivalent."
"In this paper, we solve a subclass of this problem when the distribution is assumed to belong to the class of distributions defined by given marginal distributions, or given marginal moment conditions."
"Using this approach, we develop novel indexes of the extent to which a new invention consolidates or destabilizes existing technology streams."
"Dynamic allocation models enable consideration of how such overall workloads might be delivered to the vendors over time in a way which avoids excessive variability in the repair burden."
"The technology and capacity games occur while the demand curve is still uncertain, and the production game is postponed until after the demand curve is revealed."
"Most of the writing on the new “Management Science,” that is on the application of systematic methodology to the job of managing in the business enterprise, has so far come from the scientists."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, Finance."
"However, this ignores possible “market cannibalization” effects that may occur in equilibrium as well as the additional costs the provider experiences due to preemptions."
"Finally, while sharing of inventory typically benefits all the participants in decentralized supply chains, this is not necessarily the case—sharing can hurt the distributor or individual retailers, regardless of their relative power in the supply chain."
"Here, we list those reviewers who contributed four or more reviews in 2021."
"Alternatively, we develop a reduction algorithm based on stochastic dominance to speed up the computations."
"We explore several properties of node collapses: their efficacy in helping firms achieve superior network positions, the externalities they impose on other network actors, and how they provide exclusive control over both internal and network resources."
"Managers must consider the impact of future technologies while making acquisition and replacement decisions in such environments."
"However, we observe that inventory information helps somewhat to alleviate the bullwhip effect by helping upstream chain members better anticipate and prepare for fluctuations in inventory needs downstream."
"It is therefore desirable to study the sesitivity of the function to be optimized by computing an optimal range, for which a general approximation is suggested."
"The concept of partially renewable resources is a fundamental tool in order to make, e.g., timetabling and shift scheduling aspects, amenable to project scheduling."
"The ordinal ranking model will not distinguish between the above two cases while it is clear that when taking account of the intensity of preference, the committee should end up with two different consensus rankings."
"Having been successfully applied at Kelowna Airport, the methodology developed in this study has now been adopted by Transport Canada for evaluating proposed runway extensions at other Canadian airports."
"The latter was charged with the task of integrating the diverse themes of the different MAPS groups and of writing a final report for presentation to the executive staff of the Census Bureau plus the advisory committees of various Professional societies and interest groups which advise and assist the Bureau and its programs.…"
"To this end, we propose a way of assessing a person's inherent risk preference that factors out individual and situational differences in risk perception."
"The objective is to find a minimal cost production schedule such that dynamic demand is fulfilled without backlogging."
"It is a controversial policy in the PC industry because it is not clear how such a policy benefits the supply chain and its participants."
"The theory of networks and management science."
"this issue.)"
"Network location problems occur when new facilities are to be located on a network."
"This paper integrates and extends the literatures on industry evolution and dominant firms to develop a dynamic theory of dominant and fringe competitive interaction in a segmented industry."
"Support for these hypotheses was then obtained from the literature and from a study of a single market."
"Our results are consistent with the assumption of a constant source diffusion of innovation process."
"This paper was accepted by Elke Weber, judgment and decision making."
"The insight for management: Appropriate investments in IT can help to facilitate reconfiguration of resources and modification of processes in collaboration-intensive alliances."
".Although planning models are the subject of this paper, from the viewpoint of consistent terminology and unambiguous definition they don't exist."
"Recent models and the popular press suggest that large groups of hedge funds follow similar strategies resulting in crowded equity positions that destabilize markets."
"In a recent article [Rao, A. G., A. Shapiro."
"Voluntary shelter-in-place directives and lockdowns are the main nonpharmaceutical interventions that governments around the globe have used to contain the Covid-19 pandemic."
"Further, changes of environmental conditions as an alternative explanation for switching risk-return relationships are tested against prospect theory predictions."
"We show that, in a cheap-talk setting that well represents many practical situations, the two models make characteristically distinct and empirically distinguishable predictions."
"The analysis requires information in the form of available data and expert judgments concerning factors such as ambient CO level, human exposure to CO, physiological responses, and dose-response relationships."
"This finding is incompatible with prospect theory's account of the effect as stemming primarily from aversion to loss relative to the individual's current state."
"When firms use budgets to control their expenditures, competition for the limited funds creates interdependent problems."
"The adoption of elements that encourage broad search typically raises the marginal benefit of other elements that provide offsetting stability."
"Under perfect information a class of one-parameter distributions emerges as being “best” strategies for either bidder."
"An explicit result is given when the loss is proportional to the duration of an undetected failure."
"We then proceed to investigate several new estimators which we propose for the problem."
"Englewood Cliffs, N. J.: Prentice-Hall, 1965, $11.75, 369 pp—reviewed by Martin Greenberger."
"Wagner [Wagner, H. M. 1960."
"Our analytical results lead to some important policy implications for facilitating the further deployment of telemedicine in the care of chronically ill patients."
"We also uncover an interesting nonmonotonic relationship between effectiveness of consumers’ effort and the firm’s incentives to seek certification."
"The interactions between the task demands and the graphical format appear to be complex and may impact different stages of decision process differently (e.g., acquisition versus evaluation)."
"Uncertainty has qualitatively different implications than risk in studying executive incentives."
"This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"We outline the implications of the research findings for future research and management practice."
"There is no treatment effect on sales."
"The subjects displayed a near universal bias to overweight the proxy attribute relative to the prescriptions of expected utility theory."
"Computational tests establish benchmark results for this first implementation of cutting planes for solving the ASDP."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"The term, technological forecasting, is appearing with ever increasing frequency in the public utterances of government and industrial leaders."
"We show that asymmetry in consumer learning has a significant impact on the optimal service levels, market shares, and profits of the retailers."
"We consider the problem of smoothing production in a job shop in which all production is to customer order and the demand process is a stationary stochastic process."
"34, 1955, Graduate School of Industrial Administration, Carnegie Institute of Technology.],"
"The problem is discussed and a resolution suggested."
"Interestingly, suppliers may benefit from flexible sourcing even though the manufacturer does not."
"Although the intervention is not as impactful under a monopoly, the mandate is most effective under a duopoly, and its impact wanes as competition intensifies."
"Other problems of interest are: What is the total useful field life expected from a given stock-pile and what is the optimal quantity of goods that should be ordered?"
"If the reported intentions imperfectly predict actual behavior, then any model of behavior based on the intention data should account for the associated measurement error, or else the resulting predictions will be biased."
"If women must be like men to break the glass ceiling, we might expect gender differences to disappear among directors."
"Explanation and understanding of the nature of project risks incurred by the large-scale energy project must rely on more complex, disequilibrium models of risk determination."
"In a market context, a status effect occurs when actors are accorded differential recognition for their efforts depending on their location in a status ordering, holding constant the quality of these efforts."
"If the stock level is above Tn do not order.”"
"Management Sci.3 (2, January) 185–195.]."
"The most successful executives were the biggest risk takers; the most mature executives were the most risk averse."
"Second, we improve the reliability of the estimates of the effect of ownership type on the cost of debt by controlling for the different information environments in which privately and publicly owned firms operate."
"We argue that a firm’s resource endowment affects decision makers’ risk tolerance: Managers in firms with large stocks of resources are buffered from the threat of failure and conform to the prediction of greater risk taking in response to performance decreases; managers in firms with limited resources view low performance as a step closer to failure and decrease risk taking in response to performance decreases."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi Levi, healthcare management."
"This class of problems subsumes a corresponding class of vector maximum problems and also, by means of a simple device, provides a deformation method for ordinary concave programming."
"Using matched employee–employer data over eight years, we test the model on a population of Swedish wage earners in the knowledge-intensive sector."
"Our difference-in-differences test reveals an increase in GC opinions following the ruling for near-insolvent Delaware firms."
"We study a single-server queue with customers who draw their valuations from a continuous distribution and have a per-period waiting cost that is proportional to their realized valuations."
"Product platforms, which are component and subsystem assets shared across a product-family, enable a firm to better leverage investments in product design and development."
"The model treats excess demands as lost sales and can accommodate an arbitrary deterministic lead time."
"These settings were considered representative of the range experienced in U.S. plant environments."
"In particular, investors in this market take above-average risks in afternoon trading after morning gains."
"A new procedure based on gaussian quadrature is developed in this paper."
"provided a model to interrelate economic life and maintenance policy, using Pontryagin's maximum principle."
"No maps exist for traveling in such regions."
"The insight for management: Different market structures and information dissemination methods help to improve the accuracy of predictive markets."
"Manpower planning includes a specification of the kinds and numbers of men an organization will need to accomplish its profit, growth, or service objectives; a forecast from current personnel inventories of how well it is now set to meet the projected needs; and by a comparison of needs with forecasted supply, the formulation of plans for recruiting, assigning, and developing personnel."
"We find that combining communication-focused EQ with conformance quality reduces readmission rates."
"25, No."
"The broker profits by intermediating between two (or more) parties."
"Thus, technically, the resulting game will be a game with complete information."
"Conditional value at risk (CVaR) is both a coherent risk measure and a natural risk statistic."
"Computational results show that the best among the frequency-based direct shipping policies used to obtain the worst-case results gives an average percent increase error, with respect to a lower bound on the optimal cost of the problem in which routing is allowed, of 6.44% on a large set of randomly generated problem instances."
"This paper was accepted by Jesper Sørensen, organizations."
"Moreover, we evaluate the impact of batch sizes, yield, and switch-over time on the optimal threshold policy."
"We also show that lower and upper bounds on the system-wide costs may be computed and that these bounds are asymptotically tight under the same assumptions."
"The purpose of this note is to examine the efficiency of Direct Search Method (DSM) in terms of its computational upper bound."
"In conventional ordinal ranking models the voter/ranker supplies an ordered set of preferences on a collection of objects without specifying any form of intensity of preference."
"Usually, even the fundamental dimensions are unknown."
"The procedure, called conditional Monte Carlo, is shown to be substantially more efficient (in terms of the computational effort required) than traditional simulation methods."
"Economic theorists, on the other hand,~have concerned themselves with profit maximization but have not ordinarily concerned themselves with the realistic details underlying the construction of their curves."
"To investigate learning in such settings, we conduct a large-scale behavioral experiment in which people search repeatedly from fixed distributions in a “repeated secretary problem.”"
"We introduce corresponding definitions of dynamic consistency and show that the two types of consistency are equivalent for complete orderings, but differ for incomplete orderings."
"Implication's of the models are discussed."
"In project scheduling, a set of precedence-constrained jobs has to be scheduled so as to minimize a given objective."
"First, the mean demand is allowed to vary with time so that dynamic situations may be studied."
"J. Bank Res.7(4) 299–301.)"
"Management Sci.16 (5) 388–401.]"
"The study involved 22 companies and 131 products."
"We show that in equilibrium, inventories are carried either by the manufacturer or by the unreliable supplier, but not both."
"The model described in this paper is typically applicable to the batch processing industry where a batch of a product is packaged into several container types immediately after manufacture."
"was selected for publication to appeal to those of practical inclination who, like myself, favor the inclusion of applied papers amongst the theoretical ones, it is open to criticism on practical as well as theoretical grounds."
"Although medical research has addressed the clinical management of chronic opioid users, little is known about how operational interventions shortly after opioid initiation can impact a patient’s likelihood of long-term opioid use."
"have shown constructively that the set of 0-1 vectors x satisfying a polynomial constraint with non negative coefficients remains unchanged if the polynomial constraint is replaced by an appropriate finite collection of linear inequalities in x. When rewritten in the complementary vector x̄ = 1 − x, the linear inequalities are those of a linear covering problem."
"If such a system is of the more general type than a production line and many products have to be manufactured according to different technological sequence restrictions then two problems arise: (1) scheduling and (2) sequencing."
"By attempting to work all of the illustrative examples in each language, we are able to reach some conclusions concerning relative expressive power, economy of notation, obedience to our principles of “good” language design, ease of data handling, and other criteria."
"Stackelberg-Nash-Cournot equilibria characterizations and computations."
"However, realizing success from process change is not trivial."
"The policy is applied time period by time period to make decisions concerning which items to produce in what quantities during the next time period."
"Neither the intervention incentives, nor the small posttreatment incentives involved in our elicitation mechanism, appear to crowd out existing intrinsic motivation."
"Finally, a program of research on MMIS is proposed."
"We utilize fathoming criteria derived from Lemke's complementary pivot algorithm, and compare the use of pseudo-costs versus generalized penalties as a guide to branching."
"To solve the problem of time-cost tradeoff in project management with available models, a choice must be made between heuristic approaches and algorithms based upon restrictive assumptions about the shape of the cost-time functions of the activities."
"The insight for management: A new approach for adaptively selecting stimuli for problems of expected utility, weighted expected utility, original prospect theory, and cumulative prospect theory has been developed."
"The results, based on a carefully designed sample of about 100 firms, show that the GNP deflator, which is used in the official government R and D statistics, has tended to underestimate the rate of inflation in R and D. For managerial and economic purposes, such as R and D budgeting and productivity studies, these indexes should be of widespread use."
"When global economic growth at the end of the year is low, investors expect a worsening of the global business cycle and increase their required returns."
"This paper describes a method for performing this search."
"Motivated by applications in financial services, we consider a seller who offers prices sequentially to a stream of potential customers, observing either success or failure in each sales attempt."
"Examples are provided for problems having both discrete and continuous solution spaces."
"The results demonstrate the need to carefully coordinate production cost structure, collection rate, product life cycle, and component durability to create or maximize production cost savings from remanufacturing."
"We consider a class of online resource-allocation problems in which there are n types of resources with limited initial inventory and n demand classes."
"The proposed heuristic is tested on data from real-world problems as well as randomly generated problems."
"The success of any industrial enterprise is obviously dependent upon the effectiveness of its managerial organization and its supervisory personnel."
"This seemingly innocuous and ubiquitous question in business is much tougher to answer than one might think and is critical to resource allocation decisions."
"It is a generalization of the Transportation Problem, in that weighting factors are applied to the individual elements which form the row and column sums."
"The paper explores the uniqueness properties of the subjective probabilities in two axiomatizations of state-dependent preferences."
"When the schedule is replanned each period, as typically is done, variability of demand may manifest itself in the form of early or “emergency” production runs."
"Using a sample of firms in two industries (automotive and computer) and four countries (Canada, Germany, Japan, and the United States), we find that certain process management techniques improve profitability while others have little effect on financial performance."
"A worst-case study establishes the maximum deviation from optimality that can occur when a specified heuristic is applied within a given problem class."
"The aim is to minimize the makespan for a given set of coils."
"2000)."
"It is estimated that on average, a $1 increase in state CIO budgets is associated with a reduction of as much as $3.49 in state overall expenditures."
"Unlike the PCA that maximizes the common variation of the predictors, the sPCA assigns more weight to those predictors with stronger forecasting power."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"If the buyer refuses the offer, then the process is repeated with seller making a new offer on the next period."
"Inventory depletion management."
"This paper reports on the development and analysis of the STM, in which operational flexibilities of the power station are taken into consideration, thereby improving the LTM solution."
"A robust finding is that a subject’s lack of ability predicts both a true propensity to accept others’ judgment (informational social influence) and a propensity to agree despite private doubt (normative social influence)."
"This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"We uncover a nontrivial relationship between contest characteristics and optimal feedback choices."
"Simulations are, of course, as varied as the systems which they represent but they do have certain common characteristics and problems."
"We show in this environment that a variant of the Arrow replacement effect holds in that new entrants pursue more innovative technologies than do incumbents."
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"This paper examines the effect of scheduling programs on audience ratings."
"In both cases studied, with and without carryover of unsold units, a target interval policy is optimal: There is a (usually different) target interval for each period such that capacity should be changed as little as possible to bring the level available into that interval."
"We show that the BSP problem under this model is convex and can be efficiently solved using off-the-shelf solvers."
"This claim is false."
"Comarketing alliances often involve multiple partners, and a given partner's marketing efforts on behalf of the alliance can indirectly affect the demand of the other partners."
"We confirm the predictions of the model in an experiment using a paradigm where an associative win-stay, lose-shift process conflicted with rational belief updating."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"Using a large sample of albums from all four major record labels, I find that removing DRM increases digital music sales by 10%, but relaxing sharing restrictions does not impact all albums equally."
"This work derives an effluent taxation structure for meeting a specified level of regional environmental quality."
"A significance test for the classification is considered along with the problems of ranking areas within the two categories, classifying groups of areas, and analyzing the sensitivity of the solution."
"Also, proliferation of medium-range ballistic missiles to other countries capable of attacking Russia, Britain, France, and China; but not necessarily the United States (due to range limitations), greatly complicates the overall situation."
"This decrease stems primarily from the reduction in effort that outweighs any benefit from strengthening the salespeoples’ bargaining position."
"Moreover, the changes in performance attributed to JIT implementation vary, depending on implementation status of specific JIT management practices and manufacturer size."
"The required information, called the standard of fairness of the players is a Thrall partition function which satisfies certain requirements."
"Specifically, a certain composition or package of final products is ordered, and the size of this output of predetermined composition is to be as large as possible."
"One of the traditional methods of generating information on these questions has been the aging of the accounts receivable."
"Abstracts of the key papers presented at the Third Annual International Meeting of the Institute of Management Sciences, October 18–19, Los Angeles."
"We address the potential endogenous CEO–firm matching bias using firm–CEO fixed effects and variation in the enforceability of noncompete agreements across states and over time during the CEO’s career."
"We compared the effects of these aspects of buyer–supplier relationships for low- and high-modularity components."
"We also contrast line-sitting with the well-known priority purchasing scheme, as both allow customers to pay extra to skip the wait."
"This paper also finds that supervision will be more common when valuable resources are rare."
"I find that the presence of star funds affects stock returns in ways consistent with investor attention, suggesting that the boost in returns is due not only to an increase in fee revenues accruing to the funds but also to an increase in firm visibility."
"One central business activity that companies increasingly outsource is the information systems (IS) function."
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"The problem grows more complex as more partners, such as Coca-Cola, enter the alliance."
"For a more sophisticated point structure, however, our models do outperform the strategy of picking the seeds."
"This confusion is a possible driver of investors’ difficulties with real-world financial products like leveraged exchange-traded funds and retirement savings plans."
"Building on analytical research in operations management, we argue that this effectiveness differs with the organization's capability to resolve uncertainty early in the process."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Co., 1969, 729 pp.,"
"A detailed description of the model including the production and consumption features is provided."
"In particular, we characterize cases in which revenue sharing provides only a small improvement over the administratively cheaper wholesale price contract."
"Many industries acquire stocks of material in large standard sizes which are then reduced to required widths or lengths according to demand."
"However, it is unclear how volume changes in one service affect the costs of the other services in the same hospital."
"By allowing the user to adjust the relative importance of each goal, the model can incorporate subjective attitudes of state-level WIC administrators."
"A descriptive problem definition and a tested computerized heuristic solution procedure are offered for the problem of relative location of facilities in (or layout of) a multi-floor building."
"On the third question, we find a positive relationship between the number of similar ideas and idea value: the ideas that are least similar to others are not generally the most valuable ones."
"For not only is the work force one of both managers and specialists, but their tasks are group tasks."
"Cooperative Center for Educational Administration, Columbia University."
"The opportunities suggested in the first assumption will become clear by presenting some illustrative problems to be faced in the 1980s."
"On the other hand, this is potentially damaging to the firm's relationships with less profitable customers, who receive poor service today."
"An a priori density is chosen for the unknown parameter."
"This understanding is essential for conducting studies which build systematically on prior research."
"Consistent with findings for the population, female directors are more benevolent and universally concerned but less power oriented than male directors."
"A sequential algorithm is investigated and shown to produce an optimum allowance if certain further conditions on the probability are met."
"When calibrated to data from the crude oil market, the model implies that financialization reduces the futures risk premium and increases correlation between futures open interest and the spot price level."
"The application of that tool requires thinking in vector mode."
"The differences between general and functional business games are discussed."
"However, changes in preference coincided with changes in the perception of the riskiness of the choice alternatives, leaving the perceived risk attitudes of a majority of commuters unchanged."
"Consistent with our theoretical arguments, we also find that firm’ exposure to aggregate volatility, while priced, does not help predict their future growth."
"Together with a set of within-exit mode analyses, these results are consistent with the proposition that information confidentiality mechanisms shape innovation outcomes."
"We propose and test a view of corporate diversification as a strategy that exploits internal information markets, by bringing together information that is scattered across the economy."
"As a result of this research, for smaller problems (all instances with 10 and 15 nodes) the average difference is reduced to 3.3%."
"Pure commonality\" strategies are never optimal unless complexity costs are introduced."
"The importance of the trade-off curve is that it provides the complete set of possibly optimal solutions for any objective function (cost function) involving only the selected performance measures."
"Four heuristics were tested against the optimal obtained by stochastic dynamic programming for 969 problems."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"Decision-makers and policy-makers in education face some options to which systems analysts and economists might make contributions."
"Effective intuitive behavior is taken to be characteristic of both experienced managers and experienced scientists."
"Call center managers are facing increasing pressure to reduce costs while maintaining acceptable service quality."
"These systems produce information products on a regular or as-requested basis."
"Broadly viewed, the theory ought to provide an even broader insight into the economics of corporate activity, but until recently no really satisfactory mathematical theory has been available."
"Unlike alternative published approaches, we introduce fixed and variable costs for each product profile."
"J. Financial Econom."
"Cambridge, Mass.: The M.I.T. Press, 1968, 266 pp.,"
"This paper establishes sufficient conditions for decision rules to be optimal for two n-penod P-models of chance-constrained programming."
"Results should be tempered through good business judgement, with “complexity factors” introduced to temper the decisions made."
"The former has more prescriptive appeal in risky decision making, but the latter may have more descriptive power for subjective risk judgments."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"In this supply chain, a horizontal merger at any other tier will decrease consumer price when the cost reduction exceeds a certain threshold that is larger than the premerger markup."
"The results provide new insights on the nature of volunteering and gift giving."
"Health information exchanges (HIEs) are healthcare information technology efforts designed to foster coordination of patient care across the fragmented U.S. healthcare system."
"When viewed separately, most people favor action in the former and disapprove of action in the latter, despite identical consequences."
"Humans achieve this selectivity through heuristics—principles that, on the average, contribute to reduction of search in problem-solving."
"The implications of these theoretical results for the two practical problems are discussed."
"This paper was accepted by Shiva Rajagopal, accounting."
"I show that with second-order ambiguity aversion, a positive exposure to ambiguity is optimal if and only if there is a subjective belief such that the act’s expected outcome is positive."
"A very (not very) risk-averse user who bets characteristically small (large) fractions of wealth based on a conservative forecast is bound to make a rapidly (slowly) increasing bet as the forecast probability becomes progressively bolder or more distant from the market probability."
"For practical CBS policies, we develop a set of closed-form formulas for the major performance measures based on regenerative cycle analysis and fluid limit approximation."
"Using this functional relationship to determine the magnitude of the work-in-process inventory, a model is developed to calculate the economic production quantity (EPQ)."
"The possibilities of operations research in developing countries (a symposium held in Paris June 26–28, 1963)."
"Our results suggest that future research in cluster innovation should consider the critical role of multilocation firms, their internal organization across clusters, and their responses to technological and market competition in clusters."
"The affiliation of Stefan Stremersch was incorrectly set in Management Science, Vol."
"This article develops a method to provide researchers with a way to give subjects the experience of ambiguity."
"Repeat sales and possible entry of rivals are disregarded but we allow for discounting of future revenue streams and cost learning curve."
"The larger the winner's share, the greater the effort."
"Incorporating left-digit bias in bargaining is motivated by several intriguing observations."
"Specifically, this latter form of collaboration allows the manufacturer to charge higher wholesale prices and, interestingly, is associated with lower retailer, and consequently manufacturer, stockouts."
"The range of possible fluctuations associated with a given equilibrium queue-length distribution is described for the GI/M/1 queue."
"General requirements for stability of parameter estimates are given, as are general forms for parameter estimate covariance matrices that appear in forecast variance determinations."
"When asset returns are nonnormal with large left tails, we document significant differences in M-V and M-LPM optimal portfolios."
"In this paper, we apply a multiunit bilateral bargaining framework to coordinate ESR investments in a general supply network and analyze to what extent an ESR initiator should directly engage the higher-tier suppliers as opposed to delegating that responsibility to the first-tier suppliers."
"The main experiment involved 96 subjects in a full factorial design."
"This paper characterizes optimal pay-performance sensitivities of compensation contracts for managers who have private information about their skills, and those skills affect their outside employment opportunities."
"These papers are concerned with the reliability of multi-state mechanisms [8], with surveillance plans, [9, 10] and with inventory problems."
"DEA with imprecise data or, more compactly, the Imprecise Data Envelopment Analysis (IDEA) method developed in this paper permits mixtures of imprecisely- and exactly-known data, which the IDEA models transform into ordinary linear programming forms."
"We distinguish between portfolio selection and portfolio revision problems."
"We describe an alternative approach that uses a copula to construct joint distributions and pairwise correlations to incorporate dependence among the variables."
"In this paper, we seek to fill the gap by modeling the effects of uniform pricing restrictions in input markets on firms’ information generation and disclosure."
"Computational results are reported."
"John W. Wiley, Inc., 1958, pp."
"Using a novel data set on home healthcare visits, we examine whether and how the amount of time that a provider spends during a home health visit with a recently discharged patient impacts the patient’s likelihood of being readmitted to the hospital."
"In the special case where only the first two marginal moments are given, the problem can be reformulated as a second-order cone program."
"We show that both the BGDM and BLDM handily outperform the GBM in forecasting new product sales using empirical data from four product categories."
"Here the essential problem is that of “consensus theory”—to find a reasonable way of resolving the experts' differences of opinion about the facts (the circumstances determining the outcomes).To tackle this problem we enlarge it."
"When the number of activities is large, it becomes difficult to prepare a network for the project as one unit, and it may also be difficult to store the network in the high speed memory of a digital computer."
"J. Political Econom.56(4) 279–304) to give a general foundation for such coefficients and for their higher-order extensions."
"We show that delaying a product launch to build up an initial inventory may be optimal and can be used as a substitute for capacity."
"To better understand the economic aspect of software contracting, this paper provides a summary review of software development contracts, followed by a gametheoretic model developed to incorporate incentive and information issues associated with software contracting."
"The solution to the polynomial problems is given in terms of shortest path on particular networks."
"Our results demonstrate that consumer rebates can be particularly useful when a supply chain encounters inefficiencies stemming from strategic inventory buildup by retailers."
"failure"
"failure"
"Our results show that (1) manufacturers whose reference groups showed large variance in niche-width changes during the previous year are less likely to imitate (the mean of) those changes, (2) manufacturers who have large reference groups are more likely to imitate the changes, and (3) the negative effect of variance on the imitating behavior is strengthened as the number of reference organizations increases."
"We also find that, paradoxically, ex post efforts to enhance supply chain efficiency may hinder ex ante collaboration that precedes production."
"Also the relation between the set of feasible solutions of the linear program and the set of stationary policies is analyzed."
"Subjects reach equal splits in small pie games (in which strikes are efficient), while most payoffs are close to either the efficient or the equal equilibrium prediction, when the pie is large."
"This paper presents a model for the study of operations at an inbound call center."
"MMC is akin to methods developed for exact solution of influence diagrams in that we limit the number of chance variables sampled at any time."
"It can also be used to test various discounting models."
"Unfilled demand is backordered."
"However, where the number of significant producing and consuming locations is small, a simple iterative procedure can be applied even though the cost and demand functions be quite complex."
"On the basis of the empirical regularities, we formulate a model of cardholder behavior where the cardholder experiences increasing psychological utility when rebate redemption yields a deeper discount."
"In addition a convexity property for a class of parametric nonlinear programming problems is obtained."
"Our computational study covers different types of resource-constrained project scheduling problems, based on several notoriously hard test sets, including practical problem instances from chemical production planning."
"Princeton, N.J.: D. Van Nostrand Co., Inc., 1968, 446 pp.,"
"It also develops two suboptimal algorithms, one dealing with the general quadratic assignment problem and the other with an interesting special case."
"Dutch books”)."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2634.This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"Obviously, this is not what we see in the real world."
"University of California Press."
"This can either reduce the number of setups needed or enable setups concurrent with production."
"Fortunately, the tendency to commit correspondence bias can be reduced."
"The master problem is solved by column generation and the column generation problems by branch-and-cut."
"The present study has essentially been conceived as a part of a larger study in the field of operations research."
"Although mathematical models for internal control evaluation have been proposed, these have failed to receive acceptance by auditors."
"We offer an individual-level probability model that allows for different forms of customer heterogeneity in a very flexible manner."
"A complete description is given of the design, implementation and use of a family of very fast and efficient large scale minimum cost (primal simplex) network programs."
"This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"We also give an implicit enumeration procedure for testing the feasibility of a schedule in which product i is set up ηi (integer) times per year."
"More than 45% of NCAA fans in Studies 5 and 6, for instance, turned down a “free” real $5 bet against their team."
"Moreover, one firm may benefit from the failure of another if the failure frees collateral committed by the surviving firm, giving it additional resources to make other payments."
"San Francisco: Holden-Day, Inc., 1967, 565 pp.,"
"The model is a linear combination of underlying support for the event in question and a term that reflects a prior belief that all elements in the state space partition are equally likely."
"We conduct some numerical experiments on the message routing problem with four different techniques."
"Consequently, it is suggested that the coefficients in Richardson's model can be determined (or predicted) based on the solution of this multistage discrete game problem."
"Consideration also is given to a means for optimizing the investors rate of return which appears as a nonlinear parameter in the objective function."
"From a broader point of view, however, the theory of linear programming provides a basis for the study of the economics of corporate activity."
"A higher standard deviation of ratings on Amazon improves a book's relative sales rank when the average rating is lower than 4.1 stars, which is true for 35% of all the books in the sample."
"Monitoring does not affect theft, with 10% of participants stealing overall."
"In some companies, up to 75% of all productivity gains are the result of bottom-up employee ideas."
"Knowing the optimal strategy it is possible to evaluate whether the purchase of a given option can be expected to be profitable."
"This paper examines how customer sentiment expressed through social media influences institutional investors’ investment decisions and firm value."
"If the wholesale price exceeds marginal production cost, the retailer orders fewer than the joint profit-maximizing inventories."
"This paper investigates such volume-cost spillover effects between elective and emergency admissions and across specialties, using condition-level panel data comprising all acute hospital trusts in England over a period of 10 years."
"The authors study systemic risk in an interbank market, modeled as a directed graph of interbank obligations."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2965.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"It has already been proved that C-reversibility holds for any blocking system in which each station consists of either a single server of nondeterministic service times or multi-servers of deterministic service times, and that the blocking system has a stronger property than C-reversibility."
"In equilibrium, endogenous technology choice can counter a persistent negative productivity shock with an increase in investment."
"The following letter describes such a language and its use in a simulated management environment."
"It considers fairness both for population benefit-risk profiles and for probability distributions over profiles."
"The various components of the total cost and the constraints are discussed."
"They have been shown in the literature to be optimal when demand “is increasing over time,” and to provide upper bounds for the stationary finite horizon problem (and in some other situations)."
"Our analysis is supported by the use of some simple queueing models and provides some interesting insights."
"Each one of the members in the committee is required, therefore, to supply a ranking of the five candidates and from each individual preference the committee must come up with an aggregate or consensus ranking which dictates the assignments of the candidates to the jobs."
"Moreover, in fields with a large number of mutually blocking patents, the incidence of opposition is sharply reduced, particularly among large firms and firms that are caught up directly in patent thickets."
"Bidding for offshore U.S. oil and gas leases is a major corporate resource allocation problem involving enormous uncertainties and very high stakes."
"not the more commonly used patent references, are a better measure of knowledge originating from public research."
"This paper deals with two topics related to these calculations which were encountered during the design of an inventory control system for a firm in the heavy goods industry."
"This study attempts to demonstrate the advantage of this approach as a method of obtaining more capacity with developed equipments."
"In the first study, we find that participants in the difficult condition are more likely to contribute improvement ideas but are less likely to use policy-compliant workarounds."
"An approximation suggested by D. Gross and C. M. Harris in their book Fundamentals of Queueing Theory for computing the busy period characteristics in the single server queue with renewal input and general i.i.d."
"This method can also be extended to the case where changes in the information set necessitate a revision of an existing portfolio."
"The choice of performance information system did affect the task processes, the choice of structure, and the involvement in task supporting processes."
"Many research universities engage in efforts to license inventions developed by university-affiliated inventors."
"This paper goes beyond previous contributions to the literature in three important ways."
"This last feature enables extensions to more realistic versions of the motivating dynamic assortment problem that include implementation delays, switching costs, and demand substitution effects."
"We find that prices on the Internet are 9–16% lower than prices in conventional outlets, depending on whether taxes, shipping, and shopping costs are included in the price."
"Thus the model determines optimum movements of freight between nodes and optimum improvements/degradations to the network to minimize shipping costs plus maintenance costs on the shipping arcs."
"When this happens the retailer is also better off, if the uncertainty in the demand curve is low."
"To trade off the costs and benefits of slack in our model, an optimal information system sometimes incorporates coarse information, late information, and a mix of monitored and self-reported information."
"Market thickness is a key parameter that can make or break a platform’s business model."
"In addition, investors may postpone trades or sell other assets in their portfolio on high information asymmetry days."
"Finally, previous models and working decision rules are fit into the framework of this model as special cases."
"Descriptive research on industry dynamics has identified a dominant pattern where prices fall, output rises, and the number of firms rises and then falls over time."
"In all three experiments, performance and attitudes were better when subjects were using plans developed by themselves than plans developed by others."
"We discuss the consequences and limitations of the various studies."
"Ranking procedures and subjective probability distributions."
"The authors find that both over- and underinvestment in the initial inventory can arise in this situation."
"For an application, we provide conditions sufficient to prove that an optimal stationary strategy exists in a discounted stationary risk sensitive Markov decision process with constant risk aversion."
"We study a general problem of allocating limited resources to heterogeneous customers over time under model uncertainty."
"We show that any assembly structure can be converted to an equivalent (larger) structure in which no more than two components are assembled at any node."
"Consistent with our theoretical development, we find that new product introductions influence profit rate and size; however, we find no effect on profit-rate persistence."
"As the winner's share rises, however, the bid prices increase due to increased contract risk."
"However, they find that sabotage does not grow as the total wages at risk grow, holding wage spreads constant, but, conversely, higher total wage pools do not reduce sabotage."
"Circumstances are discussed for which such popular policies as short term trend following and intermediate term dollar averaging are optimal in the long run."
"Two new algorithms recently proved to outperform all previous methods for the exact solution of the 0-1 Knapsack Problem."
"This paper was accepted by George J. Shanthikumar, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"The analysis supports the view that inventors with a scientific education are more likely to generate patents that span technological boundaries (in our case, 30 broad, top-level technological domains) than inventors with an engineering degree."
"Moreover, short vesting terms in high-sentiment periods are positively associated with future mergers-and-acquisitions activity and capital expenditures."
"It is shown that the algorithm converges to an optimal solution."
"However, this will result in swings in production, inducing larger order variability at upstream suppliers and significantly higher component inventory levels at the manufacturer."
"We assess the effectiveness of our formulation by comprehensive computational results over realistic instances of two typical technologies, namely, WiMAX and DVB-T.This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"Experimental work supports the proposed procedure."
"John Wiley and Sons, 19–33."
"Stochastic service systems."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"420—reviewed by Jacques Fayette;—Janowitz, Morris (ed.) “"
"Such concentrated segments are managerially desirable because of the logistical and administrative efficiencies created by implementing spatially concentrated segment-level strategies."
"This work shows how such a framework can lead to testable hypotheses about information seeking, and discusses how operational measures of economic incentives to search can be developed and employed."
"However, unlike the original algorithm, our version is predicted to always weight forecasters with more informative private signals more than forecasters with less informative ones."
"It uses the fact that a 0-1 program is equivalent to the associated linear program with the added requirement that all slack variables, other than those in the upper bounding constraints, be basic."
"The impact of economic investments in technology is related to national, industry, and company growth."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"The result is a nonconvex, nonconcave transshipment problem which is then converted into a concave minimization problem for which global optimal solutions can be found."
"The authors examine different types of marketing expenditures that are used to boost short-term earnings."
"We exploit unique matched survey and administrative data on male public sector employees in the Netherlands and compare the job motivation of employees born in 1950, who faced a substantial retrenchment of their pension rights resulting from a pension reform in 2006, to that of slightly older employees who remained entitled to more generous pension benefits."
"The process of establishing management studies as a recognized academic discipline has been fraught with numerous difficulties."
"The auction incorporates synergies by permitting all combinatorial bids, is transparent to the bidders, allows for multiple winners, and minimizes the possibility of bidder collusion."
"The insight for management: Time, uncertainty, and psychology all enter into the decision maker's calculus of a decision."
"The specific objective of this paper is to demonstrate the usefulness of statistical sampling in the aging of receivables for the purpose of setting the allowance for uncollectibles."
"Applying that method, and for the settings we study, the estimated total number of unique ideas is about one thousand for the most narrowly defined domain and greater than two thousand for the more broadly defined domains."
"The timetabling problem involves scheduling a number of tuples, each consisting of class of students, a teacher, a subject and a room, to a fixed number of time slots."
"Understanding user behavior is necessary for better assessment of these sites' survival."
"Acquisitions of a minority equity stake in rival firms are followed by higher output prices and higher industry profits, particularly when barriers to entry are high."
"In this paper we discuss two laboratory experiments which were designed to test two such hypotheses."
"In this paper we present a Nash dynamic game model of interactions among oil inventory and tariff policies for oil importing countries."
"Other parts have received less attention."
"It is related to the extent and way the total task is subdivided."
"We present how this preference robust risk minimization problem can be solved numerically by formulating convex optimization problems of reasonable size."
"Greater risky allocations in the risk tool condition are associated with decreased risk perception, increased confidence in the risky fund, and a lower estimation of the probability of a loss."
"Our model is the first known approach that can jointly handle general walk-in processes and heterogeneous, time-dependent no-show behaviors."
"The capacity building cost may also increase because of a tighter deadline for building capacity."
"For Markovian Mt/M/st + M special cases, the ISA is shown to converge."
"Since cost is relatively insensitive to the production quantity within some range of the minimum cost production quantity, substantial freedom of action can be given the production scheduler provided he stays within some defined range."
"Our paper provides evidence on expectation management as a previously underexplored opportunistic behavior by takeover bidders."
"This paper presents a general model to be used in adjusting cash flows which occur over future time intervals to reflect the effects of continuous compounding and/or discounting."
"Our objective is to examine the consequences of time-driven release and update policies."
"He found the cassette six weeks later and faced a $40 late fee."
"New York: The Macmillan Co., 1969, 276 pp.,"
"We model the evacuation of an actual eleven floor building with 323 people, four elevators, and two stairwells, and compare model results with results of an observed building evacuation."
"In so doing, we present many of the key results in these research areas."
"The all but universal approach has been: here is a scientific method, here are scientific tools and techniques; let us find applications for them in the business enterprise."
"On the role of generalized covering problems."
"As expected, firms with a very high level of product sales are most profitable, and rising services are associated with declining profitability."
"Under QR, the retailer has the ability to adjust orders based on better demand information."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.3000.This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"This paper was accepted by Joshua Gans, business strategy."
"This, in turn, has resulted in a loss in both attendance and wagering-related revenue to racetracks, horsemen at those racetracks, and state governments."
"These findings extend prior evidence regarding sources of managerial learning and investment efficiency and help to explain the active issuance of voluntary guidance by managers in settings where, as for capex guidance, the potential for managerial learning from related share price effects is limited, as we also explain."
"The financial sector is unique in being largely self-governed: the majority of financial firms’ shares are held by other financial institutions."
"Given a spatial system of clients' demand functions, this paper proposes solution methods to determine the price(s), the number, the locations, the sizes, and the market areas of the plants supplying the clients in order to maximize the profit of the firm."
"This paper was accepted by Lorin Hitt, information systems."
"Finally, the naive extrapolative time series models outperformed Box-Jenkins forecasts of accounting earnings."
"Conflict affects human response to choice, in particular, it increases decision difficulty and response unreliability."
"This paper describes how linear programming procedures have been used at North Carolina State College to determine optimal combinations of products for farm firms and to specify the quantities of capital that farmers would find it profitable to invest."
"Both the firm’s quality decision and its cost efficiency are the firm’s private information and not directly observed by the consumer."
"J. Gani."
"In the discussion of appropriate control strategies, a number of other organizational characteristics are discussed."
"These robust models take into account the inaccurate estimates of the underlying probability distributions."
"Frequent stipulations include assertion of normality of independence-yet, observed data, accepted collateral theory and common sense may dictate that a symmetric distribution with infinite domain limits is inappropriate, or that a dependent structure is definitely present. ("
"In a queue with a Poisson arrival distribution, the probability distribution state of the queue at any time is independent of whether or not an arrival occurs at that time."
"We show that both types of subsidies generally lead to a lower emission level but that indirect subsidies may result in lower renewable energy investments."
"We find, first, that when sticky information needed by problem solvers is held at one site only, problem solving will be carried out at that locus, other things being equal."
"We find that six of the models produce decision rules that maximize a function we call the quality of a decision rule."
"New York city fire crisis, part one, the system is falling apart."
"We present two dynamic programming (DP) algorithms for this problem, each guaranteed to be optimal under a certain mild condition."
"Given individual preferences over the basic alternative space, and various assumptions about how individuals choose between subsets of alternatives, one can then formalize the problem of designing agendas as a dynamic programming problem and solve for optimal agendas, i.e., agendas having either the highest probability of leading to a given alternative or having the highest expected utility to the agenda setter."
"On the other hand, if qualities differ enough (or the preference for variety is weak), stronger preferences for variety are associated with more intense price competition and lower profits."
"The disutility of deviating from norms in a relationship is enough to hold participants to agreements."
"We develop a model to capture the novelty of innovation and explore what it means for the nature of market competition and quality of innovations."
"Managers choose strictly higher production quantities than the quantities chosen absent insider trading, implying lower firm profit but higher consumer surplus."
"These systems are notoriously difficult to optimize because of the complex structure of the optimal solution and the curse of dimensionality, having resisted solution for over 40 years."
"failure"
"As this gap has widened, two facts have remained largely unobserved."
"It further reduces the consumers’ monetary surplus."
"The development of the information systems (IS) literature in Management Science during the past 50 years reflects the inception, growth, and maturation of several different research streams."
"Demand is stationary and known, the technology exists to release two products simultaneously, and the seller can commit in advance to subsequent prices and qualities."
"However, in data-rich environments, which are of increasing relevance given technology changes, we show a focused market intelligence strategy is always best when managers need to process a substantial amount of data before beginning to gain insights; i.e., there are increasing returns to attention."
"This paper presents two new, operationally useful decision analysis models to aid in bidding for oil and gas leases."
"Based on a broadened concept of the competitive information technology (IT) market, we develop a dynamic market growth model that is able to incorporate both interproduct category and technological substitution effects simultaneously."
"It also describes how a posted list price might affect the sale price data used in this estimation technique, and how the technique can be modified to deal with this type of censored data."
"This paper describes an algorithm for the solution of mathematical programming problems having a linear objective function and non-linear constraints."
"With dual rollover, the old product remains in the market along with the new product."
"Two models are considered."
"Areas of possible future work are identified, such as optimal design and cost benefit studies of enhanced recovery projects."
"We develop a novel model of regulation in which the probability of a stricter standard being enacted increases with an industry’s voluntary adoption level."
"These models of managerial judgments of organisational effectiveness identify the basic dimensions viewed by managers in judging subordinate organizations and the relative weights assigned them."
"Goyal [Goyal, S. K. 1976."
"The paper proposes methods to measure the performance of research and development in new product development."
"We contrast single-unit treatments with multiple-unit treatments in which participants encounter several units of a good (e.g., five chocolates)."
"For the domain of coffee makers, we find significant variation in manufacturing content."
"In this paper, we introduce robust versions of the classical static and dynamic single-leg seat allocation models."
"So far, very few industry-specific studies have statistically confirmed an accelerating effect of overlap."
"This paper examines the effect of an employer communicating a stance about a social-political issue on employee motivation, using a two-phase, preregistered field experiment in an online labor market platform."
"We identify mental accounting for sunk costs as the underlying mechanism that drives this behavior; a larger purchase allows customers to offset the long wait suffered."
"This model is applied to an automotive brake-system development process in order to illustrate the model's utility in describing the main features of an actual design process."
"We examine the relative effects of several service order disciplines on important operating characteristics of queues in which customers request a random number of servers."
"Operations research in production and inventory control."
"Glencoe, Illinois."
"The paper focuses on multi-stage production systems."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2908.This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"This learning results in an oscillating retail price."
"This paper shows how such problems may always be replaced with either constrained generalized medians or hypermedians in which all random elements appear only in the functional."
"The relatively few laboratory experiments report mixed results regarding the effects of a decision aid."
"An application of the model to the Indiana WIC program is presented."
"A firm, operating in such an environment, must decide how much capacity of the current technology to acquire to meet future demand growth."
"If the bidders’ values are additionally known to be independent, then the revenue of the (unknown) optimal mechanism does not exceed that of a second-price auction with only one additional bidder."
"This paper was accepted by Neng Wang, finance."
"Many papers in the mutual fund literature rely on a sample that matches the Center for Research in Security Prices (CRSP) mutual fund database with the fund holdings data from Thomson Reuters (TR) s12 database."
"In this paper we present an algorithm for solving infinite-horizon discounted Markov games based upon the fact that the value function is a least element of a superharmonic set."
"This approach can help decision makers design robust strategies while also systematically generating clusters of key futures interpretable as narrative scenarios."
"Technical people who saw the world (competitors, suppliers, customers, technology and regulations) outside their firm as more uncertain also were found to seek greater contact with sources of information outside their firms."
"This technique uses a theoretically-grounded set of directed questions to help decision makers evoke information for probability assessment."
"This paper investigates the incentives for cooperation in market surveys among competitive firms."
"These are (1) construction of an earliest arrival schedule (i.e., a solution which maximizes flow in the first p periods, for every p), (2) minimization of the period at which the last unit of flow arrives at the sink, and (3) minimization of the average time for all flow to arrive at the sink."
"This is consistent with an inference that insider buying interactively confirms the favorable information captured by positive unexpected earnings and this interaction reduces the noise in unexpected earnings."
"Rational techniques, in essence, should supply a framework within which the value logics of the various groups involved can come to equilibrium."
"This budget quantifies the total amount of temporal variation of the latent environments."
"Furthermore, we relate the usability of a website to use behavior and purchase behavior."
"Boston: Graduate School of Business Administration, Harvard University, 1962, $10.00, 736 pp—reviewed by Murray A. Geisler;—Argyris, Chris."
"A quantitative approach to the problem is presented here, which captures the relationships between investment-opportunities-horizon “size” and “quality,” the value of funds to be invested, the cost of narrowing the options down, and the limits to centralization/decentralization, all under a limited budget."
"Results indicate that the effects of WOM on decision-making processes are not monotonic but rather are contingent on the abundance of WOM (number of rated doctors) in a market."
"Stochastic programming and decision analysis: an apparent dilemma."
"This paper was accepted by Noah Gans, optimization."
"Incremental allocation schemes are given that generate undominated allocations."
"The correlation matrix is first checked for mathematical consistency (positive semi-definiteness), and adjusted if necessary."
"In addition to this, stable and precise estimates of production rates are highly useful for implementing production policy at local levels."
"This implies that even when we consider the long-term effects of advertising, the brands are overspending on advertising."
"which is both evaluative and explanatory."
"Our preferred conditional mean model combines one moving average with the usual three Gaussian risk factors, closely matches the bond risk premium measured from predictive regressions, and provides better forecasts of bond returns."
"In contrast, the level-k model considers that decision makers are purely self-interested but limited in their ability to think strategically."
"We consider a logit model-based framework for modeling joint pricing and assortment decisions that take into account customer features."
"The data indicate that technological innovation and investment were, in fact, neutral in terms of labor-capital ratios which prevailed during this period."
"Trim loss, however, is only one of several major concerns."
"In an experiment conducted on individuals wearing Fitbit wearables, we find that gain-loss incentives can drive increases in physical activity but are limited by the element of choice."
"This problem can be modelled as that of finding a maximum weight planar subgraph of a graph, given a measure of the desirability that two machines be adjacent based on the anticipated flows and technological constraints."
"This paper, therefore, is intended to outline the gradual historical development of the search for the basic principles of a “Science of Managing,” and thus of Scientific Management, rather than to be a simple recounting of experiment, methodology, or significant writings in that field."
"Results show that increasing the roundness of the asking price by one decimal, for instance, from precise to the thousands to precise to the tens of thousands, was associated with an increase of 0.6% in the selling price, equivalent to €2,099 on average."
"The findings are robust: similar results were obtained in two measurements using different stimuli."
"Suggestions for developing a better link between MIS and organizational theory are presented based on the concept of organizational effectiveness."
"We show that the turnover-based policy applied to the stochastic environment is optimal (it minimizes one-way travel time) and that both the turnover-based and class-based assignment policies applied in the stochastic environment reduce expected storage/retrieval time compared with random assignment."
"We measure the extent to which ratings can be changed by rescheduling programs, and then test commonly discussed scheduling strategies and propose new strategies."
"Presidential address about the background leading to TIMS formation."
"One unfortunate shortcoming of the proposed procedure is that its performance is directly linked to the initially chosen sample size."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2382.This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"We call these functions “inventory valuations."
"A computational study showed that this search method was not only efficient but also consistent in providing near-optimal solutions with a relatively small search tree."
"It is required to find the maximum time up to which all demands can be satisfied."
"Administrative theorists often formulate variables in the language of psychology [10] in order to pose problems and suggest hypotheses for study."
"If a particular sequential decision problem is a recurring one, then there may often exist human forecasters who generate quantitative forecasts at each decision stage."
"Management Sci. ("
"It is suggested that this function be used in the analysis of empirical interval estimator studies."
"From this is developed the idea that management's own (past) decisions can be incorporated into a system of improving their present decisions."
"The culture of the national environment in which an organization operates affects the management process through the collective mental programming of its members, its managers, and the management scientists who offer their theories."
"The paper establishes a positive security market line in the CAPM with nontraded endowments."
"Economists and psychologists are interested in the theory of human decision making behavior."
"It increases the sales of lower-selling albums (i.e., the “long tail”) significantly (40%) but does not benefit top-selling albums."
"The insight for management: Choice of compensation plans depends not only on the information the manager has on worker performance, but importantly on the gender of the manager making the choice."
"The authors consider two competing alternatives."
"A wide range of models in such areas as quality control, machine maintenance, internal auditing, learning, and optimal stopping are discussed within the POMDP-framework."
"Technical Report 22 (NSF GS-552), Stanford University, August.]."
"Predictive predetermined firm characteristics, chosen to proxy for the severity of adverse selection in the equity market, the non-information-based costs of making a market in the stock, and the extent of shareholder heterogeneity, include relative size, historical relative trading volume, institutional holdings, and the inverse of the stock price."
"Finally, we briefly review three applications that used the proposed methodology with various populations, and we discuss the potential benefits of the proposed methodology for research and practice."
"This information is useful for predicting R&D investment portfolios in an environment of changing opportunities."
"Moreover, these spillovers suggest heterogeneity not just across firms but also within firms over time based on their history of entry decisions."
"Although many theories account for favoritism toward insiders, we find that preferences for knowledge obtained from outsiders are also prevalent."
"A decomposition approach is also developed to determine stock-out probabilities as a function of the fleet size as a whole, and as a function of localized control parameters."
"The model is then used to emphasize the need to pursue an integrated strategy of process and product innovation in response to consumer wants."
"It has implicitly assumed a symmetric thickening or thinning of both tails, i.e., that a greater probability of breakthroughs comes at the cost of a greater probability of failures."
"failure"
"Much of the research on MIS implementation which has been conducted in the past decade has focused on identifying and measuring the organizational characteristics which appear to be particularly conducive to either success or failure of system development efforts."
"By construction, these ads differ in prominence: ads higher up the list are more prominent than ads lower down the list."
"now appears to fill this need, and in this paper we begin the development of a more general theory of the economics of corporate activity, from the activity analysis [Koopmans, T. C. 1951."
"The flexibility and large sample properties of the models are also discussed."
"The researchers extend the literature in their development of a model in which the investor will “give up” and sell at a loss when the asset has a sufficiently low risk/reward ratio."
"In this article, the methods were tested by applying them to particular inventory cases, and determining how well the actual precision and confidence obtained in the estimates agreed with expectation."
"We find that callers experience three to six times less discomfort per unit of time while waiting for callbacks than while waiting in queue, suggesting that offering callbacks can increase service quality by channeling callers to an alternative service channel where they experience less discomfort while waiting."
"Probabilities for correcting any one of K failure modes which may arise are assumed known and a multinomial sampling procedure is discussed."
"The analysis of consumer moral hazard provides a nuanced perspective on the so-called risk compensation or the “Peltzman effect” phenomenon, which postulates higher levels of accidents for safer products."
"The purpose of this study was to investigate the control implications of simultaneously processing several different programs on an electronic computer."
"This contingency view to overlapping development activities is tested based on data from 140 completed development projects across several global electronics industries."
"Action research is proposed as a problem-solving mode appropriate to such forums."
"has described a complicated algorithm for least-squares fitting of polynomials constrained to be either nonnegative, nondecreasing, or convex."
"The mathematical results are then used in stating and evaluating a linear approximation, thus enabling one to state the problem using a generalized transportation problem formulation."
"This essay purports to clarify, in quantitative terms, some of the considerations that may underlie a manufacturer's choice of distribution channels."
"Our findings indicate that collaborative consumption can result in either lower or higher ownership and usage levels, with higher ownership and usage levels more likely when the cost of ownership is high."
"This paper was accepted by Shiva Rajgopal, accounting."
"Even in periods of extreme market stress, we find no evidence that hedge fund demand shocks are inversely related to subsequent returns."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1961, 675 pp—reviewed by F. T. Malm."
"We derive the optimal group composition as a function of predictive accuracy, between- and within-type covariance, and group size."
"For the infinite horizon, single item inventory problem, assume an ordering cost M(i) + K(j) for changing the stock level from i to j (for example, M(i) + K(j) = c · (j − i) + K), a holding plus shortage cost l(j), and a probability φ (j, k) of demand j − k when the stock level is j. New conditions for optimality of (s, S) policies are given, and a computational method is given."
"Second, the Optimal Linear Correction produced revised forecasts that were uniformly more accurate than the original unadjusted forecasts."
"Capacity can be reduced as well as added, at exogenously set unit prices."
"The two contestants are better off collectively if they cooperate and agree to share, but they have individual incentives to try to “steal” the entire pot that averages more than $20,000."
"Each job has an associated crash completion time and normal completion time, and the cost of doing the job varies linearly between these extreme times."
"Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2914.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"We also provide polynomial-time algorithms and approximation results for a number of special cases of these problems."
"Production planning over time."
"Amer."
"In particular, we consider a supplier's (principal's) problem of eliciting credible forecast information from a manufacturer (agent) when both firms obtain asymmetric demand information for the end product over multiple periods."
"They find more support for this theory at the end of the tax year in both Japan and the United Kingdom, when people are more likely to reevaluate their investment and consumption decisions."
"failure"
"When the chief executive officer (CEO) and a number of directors belong to the same social networks, the CEO is less likely to be dismissed for poor performance."
"Management Sci.19 (5, January) 475–487.]"
"227 pp."
"Preliminary computational results are presented which suggest that this heuristic performs well."
"For such problems, enumerating all feasible paths is the only way to guarantee that the global optimum has been found."
"Thus, farsighted firms operating under dynamic market conditions with high demand uncertainty, such as high tech companies with innovative products for consumer or industrial markets, should attach particular importance to the formal consideration of uncertainty in their long term pricing decisions."
"Matrix methods for finding shortest distances are convenient and efficient when the lengths of shortest paths are wanted between all pairs of vertices in a graph."
"We integrate psychological theories of individual creativity with organizational theories of exploration versus exploitation to examine the relationship between past success and creativity over time."
"Projecting the size distribution of agricultural firms—an application to a Markov process with non-stationary transition probabilities."
"First, while process change may increase effective capacity in the long run, the disruptions during implementation typically reduce short term capacity."
"The implications of replacing the assumption of normal distribution of the parameters (A, b, c) by chi-square and other related nonnegative distributions are discussed here in the framework of chance-constrained linear programming."
"A game-theoretic model is proposed for the generalization of a discrete-fire silent duel to a silent duel with continuous firing."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"The purpose of this paper is to show how certain results obtained by Peter Whittle [Whittle, P. 1963."
"This would require a clearcut conceptual apparatus and a methodology for prediction."
"Management Sci.12 385.],"
"The assumption that agents engage in maximizing behavior, while ubiquitous in economic theory, differs from the assumption that agents are willing to rely on the maximizing behavior of others."
"First, the firms may reward repeat purchase when the probability of a high value is relatively low and when the high–low value difference is large; otherwise, they may engage in poaching."
"Rhys's combinatorial station selection problem."
"A major issue facing such administrative offices is how they should be organized to maximize productivity when short-term reassignment of workers is difficult, costly, or severely restricted."
"Greater collaboration between firms in a supply chain has resulted in initiatives such as Collaborative Planning, Forecasting, and Replenishment (CPFR), in which well-known manufacturers such as Procter & Gamble and Black & Decker as well as major retailers such as Home Depot and Walmart have participated."
"Efficient model formulations are derived for both multiplicative and additive seasonal patterns."
"Because the dynamic level-k model always converges to backward induction over repetition, the former can be considered to be a tracing procedure for the latter."
"Previous research in operations management has mostly focused on deriving the decision that minimizes the expected mismatch costs."
"Finally, we show that unauthorized subcontracting can be predicted correctly for more than 80% of the orders in out-of-sample tests and for about 70% of suppliers."
"This framework recognizes feedback concepts."
"In this paper the assignment problem is regarded as a problem of social choice, where preference orders are used as the sole initial information."
"A comparison of the total expected costs suggests that when the uncertainty in the lead times is high and the ordering costs are low, dual sourcing could be cost effective."
"We focus on understanding the effect of inpatient discharge policies and other operational policies on the time-of-day waiting time performance, such as the fraction of patients waiting longer than six hours in the ED before being admitted."
"It also accounts for the potential selectivity bias in studying the negotiated price by integrating consumer brand choice modeling."
"Disagreement drives a wedge between marginal agent versus econometrician beliefs (sentiment)."
"It also provides direct managerial implications for electronic commerce in general and online labor markets in particular."
"In France, the investment operations in basic industries, notably in the railroad, coal, electricity, and gas sectors, are submitted for approval of the government and the parliament."
"failure"
"Under the second policy studied here, production is immediately resumed after a breakdown, if the current on-hand inventory is below a certain threshold level."
"Our results suggest that although the Mark Effect is better for the social welfare of most tournaments, the Matthew Effect is preferable in two distinct contexts: in small tournaments where variation in underlying ability translates into acute advantages for the most capable contestants; and in large tournaments whose contestants face constant, rather than rising, marginal costs—a condition we relate to contestants' perception of their work as intrinsically valuable."
"Based on two studies reporting actual introductions, we identified several determinants (such as how the ideas originated, their specific configurations, and the level of technology required for their implementation) that significantly distinguish successful from unsuccessful new products in the marketplace."
"Subjective expected utility theory does not distinguish between attitudes toward uncertainty (ambiguous probabilities) and attitudes toward risk (unambiguous probabilities)."
"This paper reports a laboratory experiment that investigates if actual bidders account for this trade-off, using a sequential procurement auction with private cost information and varying information revelation policies."
"An alternative is a “dynamic level-k” model, where players choose a rule from a rule hierarchy."
"English Universities Press, London.]"
"However, does this centralization also benefit the manufacturer, whose goods the retailers stock, when customers unsatisfied at retailers due to stock-outs are considered lost sales?"
"Our analysis reveals important differences between the optimal sizing of standard queueing systems (where servers always return to the same queue upon service completion) and that of systems where servers, upon service completion, randomly join any one of the queues in the system."
"failure"
"Firms in highly competitive markets are better able to recoup the returns to their IT investments and, therefore, more motivated to invest in risky IT than firms in less competitive markets."
"We develop models and metrics to evaluate expected and worst-case performance under injury risk (capacity uncertainty) with continuous player-position capabilities."
"Our results highlight an explanation for contractual incompleteness: establishing a norm can effectively substitute for weak enforceable restrictions."
"The experiments show examples of non-optimal behavior of the bargainers when the judgment necessary to estimate the relevant payoff is obscure."
"This paper was accepted by Joshua Gans, business strategy."
"We model the agency–operator relationship as a multistage game and find its equilibrium to establish the best operating regime."
"These productivity differences appear to be driven more by learning subsequent to plant start-up than by initial disparities in productivity."
"A rigorous assessment of the procedures is provided by solving ProGen instances generated under a full factorial test design."
"Calls are assumed to arrive according to independent Poisson processes for each customer type."
"This is in contrast to the literature that has typically modeled the initiation of search as a response to poor past performance."
"We derive data-dependent worst-case performance ratios for these heuristics that are bounded by constant."
"failure"
"This effect is stronger when the financial covenant intensity is higher."
"This has led to an average reduction in makespan by over 13% and has greatly exceeded expectations."
"Firstly, it seeks to compare the efficacy of the Malaysian integrated population (i.e., integration of family planning with health) program with its categorial family planning counterpart."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"This paper was accepted by Lauren Cohen, finance."
"The researcher and the manager: A dialectic of implementation."
"This in turn allows the firm to charge a higher unit price and also sell more unit volume."
"In particular, maximization of expected average compound return has been shown to imply the existence of a utility of wealth function in each period with the “right” properties for all finite N ≥ 2 as well as in the limit."
"The insight for management: Regret minimization may cause reserve prices that deviate from expected value-maximizing levels and may cost sellers profits."
"A U.S. law mandating nonintrusive imaging and radiation detection for 100% of U.S.-bound containers at international ports has provoked widespread concern that the resulting congestion would hinder trade significantly."
"Management Sci.30 1238–1249.)"
"Much more work will have to be done as a preliminary for reaching results which may be widely accepted."
"Our goodness-of-fit metric, ρ, the coefficient of complementarity, has similar properties to R2 from regression and is quasi-convex in the input data, leading to an intuitive geometric interpretation."
"The study confirms that the recommender increases views, conversion|views, and final conversion rates by 15.3%, 21.6%, and 7.5%, respectively, but this lift is moderated by product attributes and review ratings."
"Visit effects capture the notion that store visits can play different roles in the purchasing process."
"As the authors admit, this technique demands considerable computer storage and computer time due to the increased number of additions, multiplications and exponentiations when compared to the adaptive smoothing technique proposed by Trigg and Leach [Trigg, D. W., A. G. Leach."
"We study the problem of optimal dynamic pricing for a monopolist selling a product to consumers in a social network."
"A version of the model is applied to the advanced energy combustion technology market in support of a DOE budget preparation exercise."
"Much still needs to be done to develop a basic, systematic theory."
"Present uses of management games as a teaching device are surveyed and evaluated."
"Analogously, the model can also rationalize a seemingly ad hoc feature of the U.S. tax system, which subsidizes the conflict of interest between debt and equity regarding firm liquidation."
"To provide additional insight into the strength of the guidance effect, we show that the market reacts more strongly to surprises, particularly negative surprises, following high-sentiment periods."
"The purpose of the present paper is to set forth an enumeration procedure for solving one of these problems."
"Anand (Anand, P. 1985."
"We conducted a large-scale randomized field experiment with the Alibaba Group."
"Taken together, the findings suggest that the composition of short-term peer groups matters for individual choices and long-run performance outcomes."
"It is found that the efficiency of a single wholesale price contract is considerably higher than previously thought as long as firms consider both push and pull contracts."
"This latter finding is also consistent with rationality-based models of decision-making behavior, however."
"The study, based on the National Science Foundation's Scientists and Engineers Statistical Data System database, finds two results."
"An actual multi-product production and distribution problem is described and an optimizing algorithm is developed."
"Our analysis formalizes the notion of barriers to imitation, particularly those based on time compression diseconomies where the faster a firm develops a resource, the greater the cost."
"The analysis is extended to a variable capacity problem with overtime."
"These insights prove robust and helpful in several extensions, including backlogged demand, liquidity constraints, stochastic innovation diffusion, launch inventory decision, and exogenous demand."
"Such markets have been created for a wide range of applications such as the Iowa Electronic Market for forecasting elections and the Hollywood Stock Exchange for forecasting movie box office receipts."
"Linear costs are incurred at each location for holding inventory and for backorders."
"We examine the problem of scheduling days off in continuous (seven-day-a-week) operations under a variety of day-off policies, when demand for manpower is N on weekdays and n on weekend days."
"Gross returns of larger funds are lower than those of smaller funds due, in part, to the characteristics of their holdings, which suggests that decreasing returns to scale could arise due to limited investment opportunities because of trading cost constraints."
"The scaled factor is decisive to account for the dispersion in average excess returns between past winner and past loser stocks."
"Contrary to the existing theory of mergers developed under deterministic demand, we find that although inventory pooling enables the postmerger firm to achieve cost savings, it always induces firms to raise their prices, and we find that marginal cost reduction induces firms to lower their prices only when it is substantial—consequently, larger cost synergies can benefit even nonparticipant firms."
"The widespread use of simulation in the design and analysis of complex systems has received a great impetus in the past few years with the advent of various general simulation languages."
"This underestimation stabilizes over time because negative consequences decrease the likelihood of choosing the law-of-effect strategy in the future."
"These results provide one economic explanation of the fact that many companies have actually reduced their supplier base after implementing EDI, despite a significant reduction in their market transaction costs."
"An n job, one machine sequencing algorithm for minimizing the number of late jobs."
"The authors reviewed 22,603 play-by-play decisions made by the 32 teams of the National Football League during the 2000–2005 regular season games."
"The main idea of this approach is to consider a special rule that admits an extra customer who is served only by the surplus capacity and bears all the increased waiting time and thus incurs no external cost."
"The e-companion is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2987.This paper was accepted by Noah Gans, stochastic models and simulation."
"We find that the firm’s optimal inventory level is U-shaped in the durability of the product and that the firm suffers a larger loss due to uncertainty when it is leases rather than sells its products."
"This paper was accepted by Axel Ockenfels, behavioral analysis."
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"In contrast to broadly used clinical trial designs that rely on a single primary endpoint, we propose a Bayesian adaptive clinical trial design that simultaneously leverages both observed outcomes to inform trial decisions."
"When consumers’ inferences of their reservation values are subject to environmental noise, firms can use customer data aggregation to obtain superior knowledge."
"Under this pricing scheme, a consumer who subscribes to a larger network would benefit more than if subscribing to a smaller network, despite the relatively higher fixed access fee that the former may charge."
"In this paper, we develop a mathematical model that treats testing as an activity that generates information about technical and customer-need related problems."
"The possibility for a too long duration for full team cooperation may then lead the firm to reduce the extent of team cooperation, to be able to reduce the expected duration of a team, and have fewer losses of the team lasting for too long."
"Efficiency of the antithetic variate method for simulating stochastic networks."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2829This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"The purpose of this paper is to provide a framework for integrating the various views and analyzing the various factors that affect centralization and decentralization."
"PSMD policies outperform problem-specific heuristics and are comparable or better than the policies obtained using constraint sampling."
"The choice parameters of interest include the product price, the quality of after-sales service and the price to be charged for the after-sales service."
"Collectively, these covariates explain 67.6% and 69.0% of the variance in IRI across stores and product categories, respectively."
"An alternate and about equally efficient procedure for solving the same problem is also provided."
"However, the member who does not learn obtains more profits than the member who learns."
"Many current reflections on science and technological development seem to be concentrated upon the notion that these processes are not subject to man's conscious control."
"The model provides insights about equilibrium price dynamics under different levels of competition, asymmetry between firms, and multiple market segments with varying properties."
"An iterative method for the solution of such problems has been presented [Rosen, J. B. 1963."
"Using a life-cycle model of consumption, we assume that an individual sets his consumption level each year so as to maximize his expected lifetime utility."
"Professor Rapoport's article in this issue (Rapoport, A. 1961."
"In a general factor framework, we show that, under some appropriate conditions on data, the sPCA forecast beats the PCA forecast, and when these conditions break down, extensive simulations indicate that the sPCA still has a large chance to outperform the PCA."
"It illuminates the potentially negative outcomes of change at the level of the employee."
"The formulation of scheduling models is usually compatible with this assumption about estimates and excludes the effect of actions such as rescheduling which might be taken in response to changes in estimation error."
"The most striking result is that the number of efficient solutions is very small in comparison to the number of permutation schedules for all three two-criteria problems and only modestly larger for the three-criteria problem."
"We test this hypothesis in the context of medical choices at hospitals."
"Automated Program Evaluation and Review Technique (PERT)."
"We report a hidden profile experiment where we induce homogenous preferences over choice characteristics and provide financial incentives so that the common purpose assumptions of the model hold more completely than in past experiments."
"These purposes include the development of professional abilities in model-building and mathematical model-transformation; and managerial implementation skills in model-use."
"In contrast, “fee-upon-disposal” types of e-waste regulation such as individual extended producer responsibility motivate design for recyclability but, in competitive product categories, fail to reduce the frequency of new product introduction."
"In general, we find that ignoring this estimation-related uncertainty leads to suboptimal decisions."
"This paper was accepted by Manel Baucells, decision analysis."
"Factor screening methods, which attempt to identify the more important variables, can be extremely useful in the study of such models."
"The long-standing argument that focused operations outperform others stands in contrast to claims about the benefits of broader operational scope."
"Planning languages and spreadsheet systems are very popular, and the number of new users is increasing dramatically."
"model of retail promotion to include multiple products and general demand functions."
"In each version of the model, an important function of the parameters, called the competitive advantage ratio, indicates when it is optimal to either increase or decrease effort allocated in a market in response to changes in various measures of effectiveness."
"Our key insight is that increased competition may increase licensing delays and hence inefficiency."
"The impact of the warranty execution function on the warranty reserves per unit is explored."
"Disclosure policy (which sets a protected period given to a vendor to release the patch for the vulnerability) indirectly affects the speed and quality of the patch that a vendor develops."
"The distinguishing feature of our model is the ordering cost function which is neither concave nor convex."
"In this paper, we present three studies investigating how to reduce algorithm aversion."
"Management Sci.13 (July) 816–820): two parties have to submit bids for an object One of them knows the value with certainty, the other does not."
"This paper was accepted by Sandra Slaughter, information systems."
"We use DEA-type linear programming techniques to simulate a basic component of educational reform-eliminating restrictions on the allocation of school personnel."
"In answer to Dr. Leff's query, algorithms are available to assist in ridesharing matching."
"The structure of an optimal solution is characterized and then used in a simple dynamic programming algorithm for problems in which the capacities are the same in every period."
"and A. Manne (A. Manne."
"These decisions were based on piecemeal analyses and rule-of-thumb guides."
"Manufacturing and Oper."
"Using country by year data for 56 countries and nine years, we find that accounting for cross-country influences improves both the fit and the prediction accuracy of our models."
"By halting, the buyer tolerates some noncompliance in the network (“see no evil, hear no evil”)."
"One possible application of the model is to online purchasing on e-commerce sites."
"This paper was accepted by Haoxiang Zhu, finance."
"But, when there is a penalty for wrong answers, women answer significantly fewer questions than men."
"Stat.36 226–235.]"
"Viral products and ideas are intuitively understood to grow through a person-to-person diffusion process analogous to the spread of an infectious disease; however, until recently it has been prohibitively difficult to directly observe purportedly viral events, and thus to rigorously quantify or characterize their structural properties."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"Such lines have become core components of modern repetitive manufacturing, and just-in-time (JIT) manufacturing in particular."
"Efficiency scores of production units are generally measured relative to an estimated production frontier."
"Based on the simulation, we conclude that most leading criteria perform well in selecting the best model, and several criteria also produce accurate probabilities of model superiority."
"It is shown by an experiment that for plant layout problems with a flow dominance less than 200% computer algorithms are superior to visual based methods."
"In the second problem, a brief exposition of the “labeling procedure” leads into multiterminal networks and the general minimal cost circulation problem and a discussion of the “out-of-kilter” method."
"Finally, we formalize the notion of a “most likely path to failure” in the setting of highly reliable Markovian systems."
"Here it seems to be necessary to make use of the notion of rationality of “types I and II.”"
"We investigate two sources of nonlinearity of decision weights: subadditivity of probability judgments, and the overweighting of small probabilities and underweighting of medium and large probabilities."
"1998) and Green’s (1995) reversible jump method."
"An energy crisis scenario is used to illustrate how the model works and how it can be used to understand the functioning of the Swiss politico-economic system."
"We examine decision heuristics in which the optimal search policy entails a screening strategy limiting the number of alternatives in the subsequent, costly evaluation."
"We explore the interdependence using an external shock increasing board independence."
"A practical conceptual framework for sales resource allocation modeling is presented in this paper."
"This Ph.D. influence on open policy is especially notable in crowded technological niches and in an institutional environment in which open science has yet to become the industry norm."
"Codes are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2959.This paper was accepted by Han Bleichrodt, decision analysis."
"In my model, two financial institutions competing for investors simultaneously make a public disclosure decision when both are exposed to rollover risk."
"1984."
"However, casual observation suggests that firms expend much effort on managing and balancing their R&D pipelines, where managing appears to be related to the choice of R&D selection thresholds, project risk, and whether to buy or sell projects to fill the pipeline."
"This study develops a product recommendation model based on the principle that customer preference similarity stemming from prior purchase behavior is a key element in predicting current product purchase."
"Conclusions are obtained in the form of magnitude and allocation of R and D investments and utilization of scientific and engineering manpower for industrial R and D in Israel."
"The analysis shows that competition can breed a demand for produce-to-stock, just as other economic phenomena such as economies of scale, uncertainty, or seasonality can induce make-to-stock, and that delivery-time competition increases the buyer's welfare while decreasing the producer's welfare."
"The total learning cost model is the sum of the three component models."
"The hyperbolic (or fractional) linear programming problem with only one aggregate constraint is solved by a simple and extremely efficient algorithm."
"A well defined voting rule is specified by which the committee arrives at a decision."
"When the costs of such iteration are high, then, third, problems that draw upon multiple sites of sticky information will sometimes be “task partitioned” into subproblems that each draw on only one such locus, and/or, fourth, investments will be made to reduce the stickiness of information at some locations."
"A base stock or order-up-to policy is used."
"The special case with normal distributions and quadratic loss is formulated as a dynamic programming problem, and results include proof that the optimum policy structure calls for a more expensive form of data collection initially with less expensive data collection after the process parameters are better known."
"Moreover, a forced distribution becomes detrimental when workers have access to a simple option to sabotage each other."
"You are the Institute and the Institute in Action is you in action."
"The Wall Street Journal estimated that approximately 6% of total wealth is held in “passion investments” such as art."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"To analyze the stability of coalition structures in Stage 1, we use two notions from cooperative games—the largest consistent set (LCS) and the equilibrium process of coalition formation (EPCF)—which allow players to be farsighted."
"Discrete optimal control of production plans."
"The actions of the combatants are dominated by an urge to destroy or to drive away this noxious stimulus."
"An explanation of the algorithm along with computational results of an application of the method to an existing school system is presented."
"Without information contracting, the retailer has an incentive to share information for free when production economy is large but has no incentive to do so when there is production diseconomy."
"Typically, a curved utility function is used to describe outcome preferences, but, if probability weighting of outcomes is uncorrelated with the utility of outcomes, this description may not be sufficient to capture the complexity of probability and preference weighting."
"We capture this using a new measure of advice utilization: the influence of advice."
"Hence, service line design takes into consideration both customer heterogeneity in quality sensitivity and customer disutility in waiting."
"Failures in the implementation of management information systems (“MIS's”) can be attributed in part to a lack of managerial “involvement” and “appreciation.”"
"Finally, we find that portfolio companies invest no differently than a matched sample of public control firms, even when they are not profitable, an observation inconsistent with short-termism."
"To explain these data, we posit that retailers and suppliers are affected by an anchoring bias and demonstrate that it can explain many of our results."
"This paper characterizes the optimal composition of a group for making a combined forecast."
"Our main findings are as follows: (a) Decoupling of staffing and control, namely, (i) staffing disregards the multiclass nature of the system and is analogous to the staffing of a single-class system with the same aggregate demand and a single global quality-of-service constraint, and (ii) class-level service differentiation is obtained by using a simple idle-server-based threshold-priority (ITP) control (with state-independent thresholds); and (b) robustness of the staffing and control rules: our proposed single-class staffing (SCS) rule and ITP control are approximately optimal under various problem formulations and model assumptions."
"We extend the existing theory to explore three alternative explanations for our results: risk aversion, anticipated regret, and probability weighting."
"Predictions of call center arrivals are a key input to staff scheduling models."
"318 pp."
"Overall, this study provides deeper insights into the potential of online reuse platforms for the creation and coordination of C2C CLSCs."
"The method provides researchers with a way to give subjects the experience of ambiguity."
"The biases are largely consistent with a behavioral model in which geometric growth is confused with linear growth."
"In this paper a mathematical model is presented for allocation of activities to zones or to resources at the national or regional level."
"Mistakes in recalling common information (which favors an inferior candidate) are typically corrected, whereas mistakes in recalling the private information needed to uncover the hidden profile cannot be corrected."
"It is suggested that Student's distribution be used as the sampling distribution, with “equivalent degrees of freedom” determined by analogy with a sequence of independent observations."
"This so-called pipeline problem is also present in, among others, advertising copy selection and new products test markets problems."
"For theory development, it offers a collection of insights that seem relevant to the world of projects as temporary organizations, but are, at times, different from classical structural contingency theory paradigms in enduring organizations."
"An innovation can be exploited by the established firm as an internal venture, pursued by a new firm start-up as an external venture, or not commercialized at all."
"We show how to use the 𝜒2 statistic for the joint significance of mean basis portfolio returns to rank alternative procedures and the bootstrap to perform inferences on the disparity between 𝜒2 statistics across portfolio formation procedure, estimation method, cross-section size, and number of factors."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"Using data from practice, we predict a significant cost reduction (42%–73% on average) if the providers were to switch from current practice (which tends to overlook walk-ins in planning) to our proposed schedules."
"However, there seem to be several errors in §4.3 [Rutenberg, David P. 1970."
"This dynamic model provides a tool for analyzing tradeoffs among present values of static distribution costs in each period and costs of relocating facilities."
"Concepts which may be useful in research on executive performance stem from a variety of sources and are expressed in a variety of vocabularies."
"The nature and state of the current applications of game theory to organizational problems and to parts of the behavorial sciences are summarized."
"Our mechanism incorporates a fairness adjustment that avoids penalizing DIs that recirculate their fair share of cash and rewards DIs that recirculate more than this amount."
"1) State dependence effects decline over time."
"They also note that the influence of experience with both large and small fines decays sharply over time."
"Using data on the risky decision of factory expansion in shipbuilding firms and firm size as an indicator of the stock of tangible resources, we find that performance below the aspiration level reduces risk taking in small firms, but either does not affect risk taking or increases risk taking in large firms."
"We also determine the minimal speed of product improvement required for profitably undertaking new product development, and discuss the implications of product replacement which can occur whenever firms introduce successive generations of new products."
"We pose the problem mathematically in an abstract form which encompasses a very wide range of hypothetical cases, allowing small and big differences over objectives (utilities) as well as over probability assessments (of the facts)."
"If any method can be used without changes to solve mixed integer nonlinear programming problems that fact is mentioned in the description of the algorithm."
"The transportation sector's carbon footprint and dependence on oil are of deep concern to policy makers in many countries."
"We predict and find that new debt contracts include more covenants when borrowers’ existing debt structures are more heterogeneous."
"We examine the effects of allowing the employer discretion to sanction or reward the employee after observing stage game payoffs."
"This study examines the role of differences in firms’ propensity to meet earnings expectations in explaining why firms with high analyst forecast dispersion experience relatively low future stock returns."
"The object is to maximize the expected value of the bid actually accepted."
"Of the theories studied, prospect theory was the most consistent with our data."
"We discuss the application of the model in a large firm and the resulting insights."
"Therefore, we analyze a tailored base-surge (TBS) sourcing policy that is simple, used in practice, and captures the classic trade-off between cost and responsiveness."
"Second, groups that differed in their holistic first choice nevertheless showed substantial agreement in their assessment of attribute weights."
"In choosing when to sell, startups face a trade-off."
"We model an individual’s decision to join the donor registry, which entails a trade-off between abundance of supply, exclusivity of priority, and cost of donating (e.g., psychological burden)."
"Is it shown that this probability depends only on the number of original samples “inside” a drawer, and is independent of the original sampling distributions and of the original sample which defines the beginning of the drawer."
"We investigate firms' competitive behaviors in industries where customers are sensitive to both promised delivery time (PDT) and quality of service (QoS) measured by the on-time delivery rate."
"An artifice termed a network cut is also developed which eliminates from explicit consideration the assignment of tasks to work stations where such assignments would not lead to improved line balances."
"They find that when no “authority” (e.g., bank manager) is involved, in some cases the answer is yes, in others, no."
"We call this the persistency problem for a discrete optimization problem under uncertain objective, and the marginal probability mass function of the optimal solution is named the persistence value."
"In addition, the estimation method offers managers a systematic way to estimate ad effectiveness and forecast awareness levels for their particular brands as well as competitors' brands."
"Both the definition and solution procedure are application-oriented, concentrating on practical aspects of multi-floor space allocation."
"For either market structure, the authors find that emissions charges near $30 per ton of CO2 would be the break-even value for adopting CCS capabilities at new coal-fired power plants."
"Thus, reward programs also provide additional incentives for firms to set higher current prices."
"Comments about details of Scriabin, M., R. C. Vergin."
"The limited commercialization capacity of the established firm in the short run results in an option value of waiting."
"The results of a number of implementation studies suggest that implementation failure is more likely when users hold unrealistic expectations about a system."
"An economy demanding a risk premium can be formed from individuals who do not demand such compensation."
"Service organizations face a trade-off between high utilization and responsiveness."
"These comparisons suggest that the proposed model can reasonably approximate the more computationally demanding stochastic dynamic programming formulation."
"As a byproduct we develop a robust, distribution-free, batch size heuristic that causes a relative cost increase of no more than 6.07%."
"In this study we formulate a multi-regional single time period linear goal programming model for agricultural planning in a developing economy."
"We examined the structure of correspondent inferences and report the development and validation of an instrument measuring individual differences in this correspondence bias (a Neglect of External Demands scale, or “NED”)."
"The effect of resource allocations on an activity is represented, by modifications in the probability function of the time to process that activity."
"Recently, there has been much interest in a simulation-based stochastic approximation framework called reinforcement learning (RL), for computing near optimal policies for MDPs."
"Application of a computational procedure based on dynamic-programming allows the minimum-cost program to be readily determined for instances in which the requirement for inspection is the maintenance of a specified quality level or when a linear cost may be associated with outgoing defective material."
"This extension of the resource-allocation problem provides a framework for analyzing decision making in contexts where one relies on approximations of the utility functions."
"A duality theory and two computational algorithms are developed for variable-factor programming, a name given to linear programming when the profit coefficients are functionally dependent upon a program of variable-factor inputs in limited supply."
"Solving Constrained Consumption–Investment Problems by Simulation of Artificial Market Strategies (p. 485)Björn Bick, Holger Kraft, Claus MunkHow can consumption and investment strategy problems be solved efficiently?"
"Conditions which are necessary and sufficient for convergence of a nonlinear programming algorithm are stated."
"These models are intended to provide some understanding and assessment of inter-temporal changes in social groups through industrial, educational, health, etc."
"The theoretical industrial organization literature cites varying factors which might influence the degree of technical efficiency achieved under different ownership structures in the US hospital industry."
"The geometric properties of the sets of efficient and weakly efficient solutions of multiple linear fractional programming problems are investigated."
"Other hedging methods generally reduce risk but at a cost."
"Strong risk aversion implies a convex weighting function for gains and a concave one for losses."
"(1) A comment about the paper: L. V. Kantorovich, “Mathematical methods of organizing and planning production,” Management Science, Vol."
"failure"
"We formulate a two-stage stochastic integer program with recourse to determine the optimal base-stock policy and the optimal component allocation policy for the ATO system."
"First, it is to recognize distance constraints as increasing real life restrictions through various motivating illustrations."
"But a major challenge has been the reluctance of some firms to share information vertically with suppliers because of the fear of leakage of this information to their competitors."
"Management Sci.11 (3, January) 429–437.),"
"The paper is intended to be of use to three types of professionals: those who study organizations; those who design information systems; and those who manage."
"It is shown that solutions are obtainable by ascertaining the optimal paths through a particular deterministic network."
"Even within a single development project, firms must respond to new information, or risk developing a product that is obsolete the day it is launched."
"failure"
"Planning for India: selected explorations in methodology."
"We derive analytical performance bounds for a variety of demand functions, calculate expected profit performance for randomly generated demand curves, and evaluate the welfare implications of our pricing rule."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"The channel-coordination literature typically focuses on how a supplier can overcome channel inefficiencies stemming from misaligned pricing incentives."
"Springer-Verlag.])."
"RL has been successfully applied to very large problems, such as elevator scheduling, and dynamic channel allocation of cellular telephone systems."
"This algorithm provides a bridge between goal programming and recently suggested interactive strategies for the optimization of the multiple criteria problem."
"This paper attacks the problem of setting prices and outputs in a set of plants producing a given commodity but having differing cost-output functions, where producing and consuming locations are separated geographically so that transport cost in some (or all) cases are significantly greater than zero."
"Computational results are given and a discussion of the results is presented."
"This nonstandard estimator is a ratio estimator."
"We show that people make more extreme probability judgments (i.e., closer to 0 or 1) for events they view as entailing more epistemic uncertainty and less aleatory uncertainty."
"Mergers between producers have similar effect."
"This paper presents an algorithm for obtaining the optimal allocation as a function of w, when the fi are arbitrary piecewise-linear, continuous functions."
"by Dr. Spencer Johnson addresses the psychological elements of change management in organizations; people generally resist change because they are afraid of change."
"The latter are, in turn, related to chance constrained programming, and so on, but in ways that are only adumbrated rather than developed in detail by Blau."
"The result of the study was a new alternative for a chemical storage facility."
"Using the framework, we reformulate the constraints of familiar linear programming-based planning models to specifically treat components of production lead time, thereby realizing a more accurate representation of the production process."
"Yet the focus on point estimates and accuracy has resulted in a narrow conception of what it means to heed advice."
"Using social connections within the executive team to capture the team’s interaction, cooperation, and teamwork, we find that social connections among team members are associated with higher management forecast accuracy, consistent with economic theories that information is dispersed within a firm and with sociology insights that social connections facilitate information sharing."
"Since the dependence structure renders exact analysis intractable, we employ a stationary fluid approximation that is based on the entire joint distribution of the service and patience times."
"We explore sell-side debt analysts’ contributions to the efficiency of securities markets."
"But the scientific and organizational composition of these regions varies in consequential ways."
"Econometrica23 46–66.] ("
"These additional price changes were mostly price decreases, and they were dispersed in time."
"In addition, the new methods yield feasible solutions with objective values guaranteed to be within any specified tolerance of optimality."
"The National Science Foundation established the Decision and Management Sciences Program (DMS) in 1982."
"As a result, firms with defined-benefit plans have 12% more R&D and 5% less capital expenditure compared with otherwise similar firms, and they vary contributions as a function of cash flow and real investment."
"The production smoothing problem with known demands that are assumed to increase with time is treated."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"is to the ordinary theory of decision-making."
"The warehouse problem requires the determination of a sequence of buy and sell decisions at discrete points in time."
"More generally, the object in an office pool is to maximize total pool points, where different points are awarded for different correct winning predictions."
"Linear programming–based estimation procedures are used in a variety of arenas."
"The purpose of this paper is an analysis of how an incentive scheme and the subordinate's risk preference criterion to determine the implied risk preference criterion which is essentially used in arriving at a decision under uncertainty in a decentralized decision making situation."
"The authors show that the differences are big: Minor differences in cultures, such as between Canada and the United States or between Japan and South Korea, are associated with a 6.5-basis-point-higher loan spread."
"For the M/M/2 queue, the estimator is proved to be strongly consistent."
"For a positive coupling factor, step type homogeneity leads to “spread the effort” designs (complementary efforts), whereas a negative coupling factor suggests focusing the effort on a few key steps at the expense of the rest of the service (substitutable efforts)."
"Such contracts have become more prevalent in the videocassette rental industry relative to the more conventional wholesale price contract."
"Management Sci.23 (July) 1224–1233.)"
"The decision process is described as a series of steps, starting with information output and analysis and culminating in resolution, namely a selection from several available alternatives."
"We provide a stochastic dynamic programming model for this aggregate advance scheduling problem."
"We study the problem of determining the optimal amount of effort that should be exerted to maintain the system over a planning horizon (finite or infinite)."
"Perceptions and judgments of 84 managers were analyzed in the development of models of organisational effectiveness applied in managerial judgments."
"Inbound work arrives to the system according to an exogenous arrival process, whereas outbound work is generated by the contact center."
"This paper was accepted by Assaf Zeevi, stochastic models and simulation."
"Here we develop a bound which compares even more favorably to the best previous bound."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2818.This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"366–422.]"
"The state variables are capacity and debt, and the controls are scale of operation and rate of purchase of new capacity; the final capacity and debt are control parameters."
"We address this question by studying the impact of Craigslist, a website providing classified-advertising services, on local U.S. newspapers."
"We also develop a lower bound to evaluate the performance of the heuristic."
"The end goal is to establish a control system which has heretofore resisted analytical solution."
"At the trading stage, investors are boundedly rational, and their interpretation of prices injects noise into the price, generating a source of endogenous noise trading."
"The analytic hierarchy process (AHP) is a decision-making procedure widely used in management for establishing priorities in multicriteria decision problems."
"We demonstrate that the underlying driver of this result is that the elasticity of demand with respect to quality is increasing in the proportion of consumers who are informed about the product’s quality."
"Conditions are given that ensure that the base stock ordering policy is optimal and that the base stock levels in each period are easy to calculate."
"This creates certain consternation on the part of customers."
"The paper also discusses the causes of the bullwhip effect, a phenomenon in which variation in demand produces larger variations in upstream orders and inventory."
"The framework also offers a scheme for generating hypotheses regarding the effects of values on structures and behavior in cross-national organizations."
"Press, 1956, $7.50—reviewed by James R. Thomen;—Explorations in Role Analysis: Studies of the School Superintendency Role."
"Rev. Financial Stud."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"Analyses using nonexperimental variations highlight the importance of taking worker and context heterogeneity into account to maximize the benefit from adopting a new algorithm."
"We find that the RSB approach can generate decisions significantly better than other widely used approaches."
"is an ingenious application of linear programming technique to what may have hitherto been regarded as an intractable non linear situation."
"This study empirically examines the relation between reportable insider trading and the information captured by annual unexpected earnings for a large sample of firms, spanning a ten-year period (1978–87)."
"Based on simple optimality conditions for the control variables derived in the paper, a sensitivity analysis is carried out, and a number of basic qualitative properties are established for the optimal control parameters."
"These tests, performed under the control of a computer system which accurately recorded the solutions achieved by each subject, show not only that the computer algorithms do not perform better than selected human subjects in the design of plant layouts, but that the human subjects, without the benefit of any prescriptive help from a computer, actually achieve layouts which are stochastically better than those produced by the computer programs."
"Crowdsourcing features have heterogeneous impact on different user segments, with heavy users and users of longer tenure being more affected by the crowdsourcing features."
"A confirmatory measurement model is then presented that relates the defined indicators to their posited underlying organizational constructs, with the constructs allowed to freely inter-correlate."
"There is a “window” for information and this differs among applied and basic researchers."
"This paper discusses mechanisms available to universities in managing the commercialization of intellectual property, considering equity as a technology transfer mechanism that offers advantages for both generating revenue and aligning the interests of universities, industry and faculty."
"We show that the optimal investment strategy includes both myopic and intertemporal hedging terms that reflect the dynamic risk profile of the client."
"Entrepreneurs value both pecuniary and nonpecuniary aspects of their work."
"This paper reviews those findings and provides two models to analyze this data: an equilibrium model and a behavioral cognitive hierarchy model that allows for differing levels of strategic thinking between moviegoers and movie studios."
"This paper analyzes a setting in which a manufacturer (he) and a retailer (she) face uncertain demand, but the retailer has an information advantage in the form of a private demand forecast."
"This paper is the result of a survey made during the summer of 1956."
"Results suggest that our approach would have improved profits for the firm by over 5%, while actually launching fewer line extensions."
"However, neural network learning performed by algorithms such as back-propagation (BP) are known to be slow due to the size of the search space involved and also the iterative manner in which the algorithm works."
"However, past research has found that firms with high accruals underperform compared with firms with low accruals in the United States and in other countries."
"In most coating stages one can choose between two parallel color tanks."
"The general theory is reviewed for the reader."
"Over a finite planning horizon, the structure of policies which minimize expected total discounted costs is studied."
"It consists of a sequence of operations which (1) develops good starting circuits, (2) improves these circuits, (3) extracts sufficient information from the improved circuits to determine pairs or chains of cities likely to appear in the conjectured global minimum cost circuit, (4) with certain cities paired off, develops the graph of the network."
"This paper examines how established firms conduct continual entrepreneurial search for possibilities for long-term growth."
"The insight for management: Unstructured contests can be made more effective by carefully choosing how many and what size awards should be offered, as well as the extent to which problems are specified."
"In this paper, a “here-and-now” formulation is proposed in which the manager takes a risk by fixing the project event times before the job durations are known; based on the allotted time interval, and the actual duration of the job, additional effort may have to be expended to stay on schedule."
"In reality, there are many situations in which neither the retailer’s sales nor inventory are observable to the manufacturer, effectively concealing the action taken by the retailer."
"The cash requirements of many firms follow a seasonal pattern."
"Our numerical study reveals that walk-ins introduce a new source of uncertainties to the system and cannot be viewed as a simple solution to compensate for patient no-shows."
"Finally, we briefly discuss the issue of extending the planning horizon, and how to resolve system nervousness when previously planned layouts need to be changed."
"This paper was accepted by Joshua Gans, business strategy."
"The author finds that start-up experience has a persistent positive effect on earnings that extends outside the entrepreneurial environment."
"1957."
"After taking into account the demand uncertainty as well as the potential for cannibalization of future sales, the manufacturer makes its production and sales decisions."
"We show that the former outsourcing contract leads to a significant disincentive to provide detection effort."
"Interestingly, centrality was a stronger direct predictor of performance than the individual characteristics considered in this study."
"failure"
"The 1970s seem to have been a period of soul searching in which computational complexity results were discovered, providing evidence that those who failed to develop effective optimization algorithms should not be discouraged, since the problems were probably intractable anyway."
"However, cumulative past output, the most commonly used measure of production experience, was related to expected future output, which conditioned the expected future returns from R…D and the choice of R…D projects."
"D'Aveni 1989a)."
"However, industry observers have noted recently that although the price of handsets has declined over time, the price of the phonecalls has not."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"Initial results demonstrate an improvement of 25% by solving for the optimal values of the functional decision variables simultaneously."
"We conclude that the threat of firm failure significantly impacts the dynamics of competition involving start-ups."
"In the proposed model, the only means of spread of information about the product is via word-of-mouth communication; consumers’ knowledge of the product is only through friends who already know about the product’s existence."
"If the added vehicle expands the available set of submodels (e.g., adding a four-door among a set that is exclusively two-door), then sales increase."
"Management Sci.11(2) 308–315."
"We provide an efficient solution procedure to solve the problem in which the manufacturer must deliver the full order quantity possibly in multiple shipments."
"We develop two sets of cutting planes to improve computation."
"We introduce a theoretical model to examine the combined effect of overfitting and overconfidence on the average forecast."
"For example, the Amgen cholesterol drug Repatha had an initial list price of $14,523 per year."
"We conclude by applying our solution approach to practical instances from Netherlands Railways, the largest passenger railway operator in the Netherlands."
"A measure of the productivity of such a line is its mean production rate r. It has been conjectured that the production rate remains invariant under reversal of the production line."
"Product recommendation models are key tools in customer relationship management (CRM)."
"Because restrictive cutoffs reduce evaluation costs while lowering the expected quality of the item finally selected, changes in the decision environment making the evaluation process less beneficial or increasing its cost drive the optimal cutoff to be more restrictive."
"When a firm is facing default, equity holders have incentives to engage in asset substitution, underinvest, or directly transfer wealth."
"Conditions are also given under which the optimal procurement policy at a given time is determined by a single critical level in the usual manner."
"More specifically, CEO tenure related inversely to the prescribed match between organization and environment, especially in uncertain settings and where ownership was concentrated."
"However, in recent controlled experiments with actual Dutch and sealed-bid Internet auctions of collectibles, the Dutch auctions produced significantly more revenue."
"Credit-risk evaluation is a very challenging and important management science problem in the domain of financial analysis."
"Further, the size of the buy–sell imbalance is monotonic in the roundness of the adjacent round number (i.e., largest adjacent to integers, second-largest adjacent to half-dollars, etc.)."
"Reading, Massachusetts: Addison-Wesley Publishing Company, Inc., 1962, 580 pp.,"
"The paper concludes with a preliminary discussion of the balance between supply and demand."
"In these models the physical substitutions are depicted as being subsequently counterbalanced by market price reactions flowing from these (or other) investment decisions."
"In that case the utility curvature in EU alone, although not properly describing risky behavior in general, would still capture most of the variance of individual risk aversion."
"We model the contracting relationship between a supplier and a buyer."
"A lower bound was computed for some standard data sets from the literature ranging between 10 and 25 nodes, with 2, 3, and 4 hubs, and for different values for the parameter α, representing the discount for the flow between hubs."
"Therefore, online advertising substitutes for offline advertising."
"More specifically, they indicate that a manager's experience in a limited region of a nonlinear response function does not enable him to accurately predict decision outcomes or parameters in the unfamiliar regions and that model usage may, in certain situations, actually lead to poorer decisions."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"He is not forced to delete ambiguity in the systematically organized method of writing suggested in this article."
"We provide a simple procedure for the determination of the optimal policy."
"But linear programming may also be used in a variety of other ways."
"In this instance the infinite class of optimal solutions are known linear homogeneous transformations of the optimal solution to a single nonlinear program."
"Statistical sampling for accounting information."
"This paper proposes that purely technological uncertainty derives from inventors' search processes with unfamiliar components and component combinations."
"11, No."
"1."
"The optimal allocation policy trades off these two inefficiencies."
"The models discussed in the literature consider targeting only the current nonusers of a product."
"This paper presents an approach to maintenance planning which utilizes mathematics and economic theory to help select an optimal maintenance condition."
"This study utilizes a combination of firm-specific and industry life cycle identification to categorize leaders and laggards and validates the designation against constructs established in prior literature."
"The procedure is particularly relevant to planning for an organization moving into a new multi-floor building."
"Solutions to this selection-timing process are obtained by the system presented so as to maximize the ratio of total net revenues to total assets."
"We construct a firm-year panel data set of all venture capital-backed biotechnology firms founded between 1980 and 2000, tracked yearly through 2006."
"The appearance of this paper at such a late date raises serious questions of professional responsibility and competence, both for the Rand-HUD team and for the management science and operations research communities."
"Global economic growth at the end of the year strongly predicts returns from a wide spectrum of international assets, such as global, regional, and individual-country stocks, FX, and commodities."
"The magnitude of this effect varies based on firm characteristics, and this variation is consistent with observed heterogeneity in resort fee adoption patterns: when the expected punishment is more severe, firms are substantially less likely to adopt shrouded surcharges."
"In this paper we discuss the development of a tabu search (TS) method for the BWP problem."
"They appear to lend weight to the non-cooperative equilibrium concept of solution."
"Moreover, individuals who have just been fined in the field behave more honestly in the lab than the other fare dodgers, except when context is introduced."
"We consider a variety of factors along the axes of “task to be performed” and “information characteristics” and analyze differences in the use of information as a function of these factors."
"Classically however, variations of the critical path-cost (CPM-Cost) problem, arising when different cost duration relationships are assumed, have been mostly studied via techniques other than dynamic programming."
"Several research directions on heuristic approaches, man-machine interactive approaches, computational efficiency, etc."
"We propose coordination schemes that regulate the stages to achieve the supply chain's optimal cost under each information setting."
"We propose that models based solely on functions of N be abandoned in favor of models that elaborate in detail the significant events and consequences likely to result from an accident."
"When the demand reaches or exceeds this threshold, the manager pads any excess inventory to the sales and reports the initial inventory is sold out, which censors large demand realizations."
"This paper was accepted by David Hsu, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"The results suggest that the degree of ownership taken by Japanese manufacturing investors in their American subsidiaries is driven by the same general transaction costs variables that determine the choices made by their U.S. counterparts: Japanese parents joint venture when they need to combine with other firms intermediate inputs which are subject to high market transaction costs."
"The problem is to decide which user in the system has the greatest need for the newly available inventory items coming out of repair."
"In particular, empirical estimates of beta are affected by friction in the trading process which delays the adjustment of a security's price to informational change and hence leads to an “intervalling-effect” bias."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"In addition, we document that firms that operate in industries with more severe import penetration and fewer fixed assets are more likely to outsource using purchase contracts."
"We then propose an estimator of the CVaR sensitivity and analyze its asymptotic properties."
"Firms decide whether to require registration at their website before consumers learn relevant product information."
"In our analyses exploring the sources of device recalls, we find that firms with a research and development focus, developing broader product portfolios, have a higher likelihood of device recalls."
"Allocation of marketing effort among P substitutional products in N territories."
"We also reveal connections to robust portfolio optimization."
"We also consider target-price contracts, under which the assembler announces the rate of component cost reduction to be achieved over the product's life cycle at the beginning of the contractual relationship."
"The problem of flow management for a class of flexible manufacturing cells is considered."
"We find that the manufacturer’s inability to observe inventory has significant implications for the amount of inventory and the range of holding cost for which it is held in equilibrium."
"The difficulty that arises when the order of groups encountered is very large is also considered in the same framework, and by further relaxation it is shown how the groups can be reduced to manageable size, which can be used to provide simple bounds for the above group problem."
"A computational solution of this problem is given, using the methods of dynamic programming."
"London: Methuen & Co., Ltd., New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1961, 180 pp.,"
"The optimal policy may be described as follows: For 0 ≦ x ≦ ni, the non-monitored part is not replaced if the i-th monitored part fails; for ni ≦ x ≦ N, the non-monitored part and the i-th monitored part are replaced whenever the i-th monitored part fails."
"Business school training needs to consider the managerial needs of a quarter century hence."
"Early and normal communication are equivalent if the agent has domain-additive exponential preferences and the private signal is uninformative about the first outcome."
"Thus, when probability distributions for an uncertain quantity are obtained from experts, models, or other information sources, these distributions should be combined to form a single consensus distribution upon which inferences and decisions can be based."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.2026.This paper was accepted by Sandra Slaughter, information systems."
"This paper presents a computational procedure for solving maximal flow problems in flow networks subject to positive upper bound or capacity constraints and lower bound restrictions that are equal to or greater than zero."
"At the Nash equilibrium, we show that additional product quality, increased consumer price-sensitivity and greater assortment costs discourages product assortment."
"We develop a characterization of equipment selection and marginal capital cost allocation based on an optimal capacity plan, in the context of either a finite, discretely distributed stochastic demand forecast, or in the deterministic case of multiple users identified by temporal considerations."
"One common way this occurs is when servers are hierarchical in their skills or in the level of service they can provide."
"We compare this with naïve and alternative hedges in a demanding out-of-sample test, with transaction and rebalancing costs and margin requirements."
"Convex programming and systems of elementary monotonic relations."
"Delayed lotteries subject to the exchange risk may also be evaluated by single currency utility functions; the implications of the use of such functions are discussed."
"$6.50—reviewed by C. Derman;—Organizational Behavior: Cases and Readings."
"11, No."
"Given cost and demand functions of simple types, a solution can be obtained by programming methods, e.g., the Simplex method."
"This model accommodates two types of inspector fallibility: “predictable,” which implies that the error rates are known and constant, and “erratic,” which requires a random variable to describe inspector performance."
"We derive the optimal quantity discount policy under asymmetric information and compare it to the situation where the supplier has full information."
"Technology transfer to low-cost locations offers global firms an opportunity to reduce their variable costs involved in serving emerging markets."
"This paper studies and contrasts the experimental inclinations of entrepreneurial and cooperative firms supplying a perishable good under uncertain demand, when larger stocks might yield additional information about the demand-generating process."
"Specifically, they tend to have a greater number of marketing agreements than joint ventures and a greater number of licensing agreements than joint ventures."
"Management Sci.31 114–116.)"
"We establish convergence of the method when the service-level functions are discrete pseudoconcave."
"The algorithm is illustrated with a numerical example."
"Australian J. Agricultural Econom.15 and Lee, T. C., G. G. Judge, A. Zellner."
"Competitive bidding with asymmetric information."
"We develop and empirically test a model of short-term changes in shareholder values of larger and smaller firms involved in NPD alliances, using the event study methodology on data covering 167 asymmetric alliances in the information technology and communication industries."
"The study provides two types of implications."
"This study examines the effect of managerial fiduciary duties on the likelihood of firms receiving going concern (GC) opinions from their auditors."
"A forward algorithm for a solution to the following dynamic version of the economic lot size model is given: allowing the possibility of demands for a single item, inventory holding charges, and setup costs to vary over N periods, we desire a minimum total cost inventory management scheme which satisfies known demand in every period."
"We examine the predictions of the theory with a study of price, quantity, entry, and exit across 24 product classes in the desktop laser printer industry from 1984 to 1996."
"Interestingly, if the retailer offers a service plan, the manufacturer is discouraged from doing so."
"These implications are explored."
"In addition, we present various structural properties for these policies and operational insights relevant to such management decisions as machine replacement or maintenance schedules."
"The model requires reformulation of traditional aggregate planning methods to incorporate changes in productivity and thereafter solves the reformulated planning problem using direct-computer search."
"Cross-sectional analyses of products and employment show a similar pattern of positive effects on firms' success of collaborations with stars or top university scientists, but estimates of differential effects are nonrobust due to multicollinearity."
"Second, we hope that the article will be useful to sociologists of science who are interested in understanding how knowledge develops in a field."
"1971."
"Results indicate that due-dates assigned based on expected job flow time and shop congestion information may provide more attainable due-dates than rules based solely upon job characteristics."
"Paris: Dunod, 1964, 19F ($3.80), 135 pp—reviewed by Jacques R. Fayette;—Juran, Joseph M. Managerial breakthrough: a new concept of the manager's job."
"Understanding the Two Components of Risk Attitudes: An Experimental Analysis (p. 193)Jianying Qiu, Eva-Maria SteigerCan an individual decision maker be risk seeking in one component of a decision and risk avoiding in another?"
"Thus, our inverse optimization framework extends existing models by including data points of both varying “primacy” and “alignment.”"
"We show that preference summaries for updateable-state utility can be factored out of the stochastic tree."
"Recent theoretical and empirical research on cognitive bias in decision making suggests that overoptimism critically influences entrepreneurs’ decisions to establish and sustain new ventures."
"We argue that together, these relationships influence performance differences among new plant ventures of incumbents, diversifying entrants, and entrepreneurial (de novo) entrants."
"Although some complex networks have objective functions which cannot be fully decomposed, the dimensions of these functions are considerably less than the number of activities involved."
"Hence, the buyer not only faces a tradeoff between exploration and exploitation but also needs to decide how to explore: by facilitating quality experimentation or by strategically separating seller types."
"Problems of advertising, of price policy, of product design, and of obtaining new customers are ignored."
"$8.50—reviewed by Harold Guetzkow;—Handbook of Automation, Computation, and Control, Volume 1, Edited by Eugene M. Grabbe, Simon Ramo, and Dean E. Wooldridge."
"Previous work has focused on demographic, economic, and infrastructure determinants of Internet access that are difficult to change in the short run."
"Practical advantages of the resulting “n out of N” type rules are discussed."
"We show that auctions which combine buy-in penalties with lower commissions Pareto-dominate auctions that use only commissions."
"A comparison of the normative solution derived from the model with the solution already decided upon by the agency tended to support the hypothesis that the members of the agency chose among alternatives as if they were maximizing expected utility."
"$2.75—reviewed by E. Koenigsberg;—Dynamic Optimization and Control, A Variational Approach, Walerian Kipiniak."
"That is, in determining the policy, it is incorrectly assumed that (i) the penalty cost is p′y + q, (ii) the penalty cost is py + q', or (iii) the fixed discount ratio per period of time is a′ instead of a."
"We find that more than 120,000 deaths per year and approximately 5%–8% of annual healthcare costs are associated with and may be attributable to how U.S. companies manage their work forces."
"24(1):3–37])."
"Adopting the number of iterations (pivot steps) as the yardstick for efficiency, we survey four aspects of the issue:1."
"This argument is incomplete, however, because it ignores that litigation concerns also affect the incentives of the auditor, which, in turn, affect the firm’s optimal reporting system."
"For example, an individual might be concerned about both her level of wealth and the condition of her health."
"Thus Erlang, hyperexponential and weighted sum-of-Erlang arrivals are treated exactly, and approximate results can be found for other distributions."
"This study examines how product market peers affect lending relationships."
"may yield far smaller benefits than could be potentially obtained."
"Further, the complexity of the dynamic programming formulation does not, unlike other methods, increase with the number of phases (tasks) but only with the degree in which the additional tasks change the structure of the precedence relations."
"Formal and informal versions are presented and application is made to several general problems."
"Team production allows more knowledge capture of tacit, complex discoveries by firm scientists."
"We find that although superior past performance and larger size drive the decision to become simultaneous for hedge fund firms, past flows drive the decision for fund of hedge funds firms."
"Then we investigate a processing-time-based sequencing rule with two priority classes (two classes shortest processing time (2-SPT)) as a practical operational improvement of FIFO."
"Efficient customers and those with high service demand show greater postadoption profitability."
"Many financial arrangements reference market prices that are yet to be realized at the time of contracting and consequently susceptible to manipulation."
"Results are obtained analytically for a 2-unit system using a breakeven point analysis approach to find the optimal mix for any given set of fuel prices under the assumption of normally distributed primary energy prices."
"Subsequently, we unfold discrete convexity properties of the optimization problem."
"Below, we list those reviewers who contributed four or more reviews in 2020."
"A description of the blast furnace production process is presented and the thermochemical metallurigcal process is expressed as a set of constraints of a linear programming problem."
"What is the relationship between inventory and sales?"
"A new conceptual and analytical vehicle for problems of temporal planning under uncertainty, involving determination of optimal (sequential) stochastic decision rules is defined and illustrated by means of a typical industrial example."
"For example, AOL drew fire for releasing 20 million search queries to the public, and Netflix had to cancel the second round of its movie recommendation competition because its customers were concerned about their privacy and being “reidentified”—that is, individually identified even though the personal information was stripped."
"Our results indicate that platforms are not appropriate for extreme levels of market diversity or high levels of nonplatform scale economies."
"As an alternative to these models, this paper proposes the use of a procedure for aggregating the evaluation of parts of an internal control system employing the linguistic values commonly in use by auditors such as “strong,” “weak,” and “adequate.”"
"Although straightforward in principle, estimations and approximations must be made to apply the framework in practice."
"We use variance decomposition analysis to quantify the relative importance of customer, employee, process, location, and market-level effects on customer satisfaction."
"This paper investigates the optimal allocation of the marketing budget within the marketing-mix decision variables so that sales (or profit) is maximized in a planning horizon."
"In this paper, we address this issue by identifying conditions under which strategic competitors may or may not resort to bundling when competitor exit considerations are absent."
"Because a portion of our results differ from those reported previously, we suggest why these differences have occurred."
"However, these firms do not value an MBA or firm-specific IT experience any more than other firms."
"The manufacturer whose brand is out of stock thus risks losing sales from those consumers who buy the competing brand."
"These inefficiencies can be exploited to increase the return on a portfolio of T-bills without affecting the maturity of the portfolio."
"Unlike a monopolist, competing duopolists do not always benefit from a higher privacy cost because each firm’s profit decreases—and consumer surplus increases—with that cost."
"By contrast, risk targeting tends to enhance unconditional stability and performance."
"It is assumed that delivery time is negligible."
"However, the presence of third-party-remanufactured products can increase the perceived value of new products by up to 7%."
"The model maximizes vessel fleet contribution over a one year planning horizon within certain biological, environmental, market, and production capacity constraints."
"We model the CDOS problem as a constrained Markov decision process (MDP) and seek the optimal nonrandomized policy."
"The results indicate that for most of the network structures considered, the best heuristic is the method of steepest descent; the second best is a simple extension of a method originally developed by Crowston, Wagner, and Henshaw."
"The new point and interval estimators for the variance parameter are compared to the classical batch means estimator."
"The static deterministic inventory model has been extended to the problem of multi-purpose equipment scheduling."
"Does the Rolodex Matter?"
"Scranton, Pennsylvania: International Textbook Company, 1967, $2.50, 118 pp—reviewed by E. R. Arzac;—Plossl, G. W. and O. W. Wight, Production and Inventory Control: Principles and Techniques."
"Traditional and IS-Enabled Customer Acquisition on the Internet (p. 754)Jeonghye Choi, David R. Bell, Leonard M. LodishOnline, brick and mortar … or both?"
"The key input to the call center staffing decision is a forecast for the number of calls arriving."
"Harmondsworth, Middlesex, England: Penguin Books Ltd. (Baltimore, Maryland: Penguin Books Inc.), 1970, 360 pp.,"
"We study intraday, market-wide shocks to stock prices, market liquidity, and trading activity on international stock markets and assess the relevance of recent theories on “liquidity dry-ups” in explaining such shocks."
"Authors' further comments and examples following their paper (Derman, C., M. Klein."
"Alternately, the individual is said to be uncertain about his own calibration."
"Observations on a sample from F are then used to obtain unbiased maximum likelihood estimates of and of other unknown parameters of G, denoted by λ."
"Endogeneity is further addressed using controls for market uncertainty and several exogenous shocks as natural experiments."
"Since the financial crisis of 2007–2009, there has been a renewed interest in quantifying more appropriately the risks involved in financial positions."
"One of the highlights of the analysis is a tight upper bound on the fraction of overflow when the problem is solved to optimality, together with an O(n log n) “safe” heuristic which never exceeds this bound."
"Our parametric model thus indicates when commonly used high-performance practice strategies are indeed optimal."
"We present a detailed study of this algorithm on a combinatorially large problem of determining the optimal preventive maintenance schedule of a production inventory system."
"Noting that such a solution is typically intractable, we use our structural findings to design an intuitive heuristic that underscores the value of information obfuscation in decentralized learning."
"$7.95;—Andrews, Frank; James Morgan; and John Sonquist, Multiple Classification Analysis."
"The models investigate the behavior of contact and communication costs, and middlemen's profits in the system, under various market imperfections."
"Englewood Cliffs, N.J.: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1968, 506 pp.,"
"Then some general statements about value judgements and their locations in systems are advanced."
"We found relatively high heritabilities for entrepreneurship across different operationalizations of the phenomenon, with little effect of family environment and upbringing."
"Specifically, we employ a model that is square in travel distance and assume the walk and pick method of order retrieval with sequential one-way travel."
"We consider a portfolio model with an infinite planning horizon."
"One expectation of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in the early stages of the cellular communications industry was that the presence of two licensees in each market would ensure competition, and thereby result in declining prices over time for both cellular phones (handsets) and phonecalls."
"It is combined with the Hoffmann heuristic to develop an even more effective system for solving SALB problems."
"Based on our numerical results, we identify the parameter settings under which information sharing is most beneficial."
"4, (July, 1960), pp."
"Observed data patterns across the treatments are consonant with a model of “moral licensing,” whereby the “doing good” nature of CSR induces workers to misbehave on another dimension that is harmful to the firm."
"Sengupta and Portillo-Campbell have recently proposed a fractile decision criterion for risk situations as an alternative to the expected value and E-V criteria [Sengupta, J. K., J. H. Portillo-Campbell."
"Several models of the exponential forecasting system are presented, along with several examples of application."
"The problem of economic assumptions in mathematical economics."
"Empirical tests support the proposed two-stage model and indicate that decision weights are concave then convex."
"Whenever a unit is produced, we may, at a fixed cost, inspect it."
"London: World University Library, 1968, 253 pp.,"
"Advisors are overconfident in both studies and it helps advisors sell their advice."
"In this paper, we focus on the interaction between a manufacturer’s reverse channel choice to collect postconsumer goods and the strategic product pricing decisions in the forward channel when retailing is competitive."
"Both male and female customers seem to have similar interpurchase time intervals and risk of leaving; however, female customers spend less compared with male customers."
"The optimal order size and reorder point are obtained for a simple perturbed demand inventory model having ordering and holding costs."
"In addition, the interaction between constraint slackness and population correlation structure is found to influence solution procedure performance."
"Electricity cannot yet be stored on a large scale, but technological advances leading to cheaper and more efficient industrial batteries make grid-level storage of electricity surpluses a natural choice."
"If we order multiple items using an economic order quantity (EOQ) policy, and consolidate shipments, part of the ordering cost is shared, and part is specific to each item; we want to find the consolidation choice with optimal total cost and divide the cost fairly among the individual items."
"Management Sci.17(10, June) B-634–648; Mitroff, I. I. On the general problem of building a generalized model of general models (in preparation).]"
"In the disclosure literature, discretion usually leads to an unraveling result: sellers who learn favorable market information opt to disclose it, making full disclosure the equilibrium."
"Sinha and Clelland's recently published paper [Sinha, B. K., R. C. Clelland."
"Therefore, the pairs trading profits are largely explained by the short-term reversal and a version of the industry momentum."
"Corporate governance mitigates investment distortions so that firms with strong governance have more valuable investment options during booms and more valuable divestiture options during busts than the ones with weak governance."
"The effect is more significant after a large fine."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.2091.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"In addition, we analyze three modifications of the problem."
"At the close of the paper some of the results of our analysis are illustrated with an example."
"This paper identifies four groups among 113 Fortune 500 manufacturers that approach innovation quite differently."
"The level of marketing expenditures and the split of marketing into advertising and personal setting are shown to be affected by a few, general product and market characteristics of which product sales and the number of customers are key."
"However, persistent quality problems with medical devices and the associated recalls present potential health risks to patients and personnel using these devices; for example, there were nearly 5,000 product recalls over the 2002–2005 time frame."
"Thus consumers may be better off with fewer sellers in such markets."
"The authors show that the differences in performance are explained by differences in gender-specific approaches to decision making."
"At the end, Editor's notes are presented."
"Since management exercises its discretion primarily during the credit-extension phase, and since subsequent phases of credit policy are closely related to this particular phase, attention is focused on this aspect of credit policy."
"In the third system, the servers may perform either of the two required services."
"This paper examines complementarity among vertical integration decisions in automobile product development."
"Second, new directions in incentive theory teach us that incentive contracts are not the only source of incentives."
"Our results show a high degree of consistency with the postulates of both models."
"The problem definition and solution procedure overcome the problem of severe nonlinearity of inter-department movement times relative to distance, which enter the multi-floor problem because of the indirectness of routing, and because of different movement speeds compared with the single floor case."
"The resulting integrated treatment of risk and uncertainty is particularly useful for measuring ambiguity, i.e., the difference between uncertainty and risk."
"The insight for management: New modeling techniques make configuring wireless networks faster and more accurate."
"Process flexibility in supply chains."
"The model explains performance as due to problem complexity and whether the research is basic or applied."
"These results suggest that reducing search costs facilitates the discovery of niche products."
"This paper was accepted by Greta Hsu, organizations."
"Management philosophy is undergoing a profound transition from folklore to science."
"However, in contrast to findings for the population, they are less traditional and security oriented than their male counterparts."
"Because investment options are riskier and divestiture options are less risky than assets in place, the expected returns of strongly governed firms are higher during booms but lower during busts than the weakly governed ones."
"However, each player has a subjective probability distribution over the alternative possibilities."
"and Theil [Theil, H. 1963."
"Results of a simulation study of the short-range forecasting effectiveness of exponentially smoothed and selected Box-Jenkins models for sixty-three monthly sales series are presented."
"To build our test statistic, we start from a formal definition of calibrated forecasts, which we operationalize by introducing two components."
"Information for management decisions is typically presented in both numeric and nonnumeric forms."
"This paper was accepted by Manel Baucells, decision analysis."
"This paper was presented as the banquet address at the 7th International Meeting of TIMS in New York City, October 20, 1960."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"If one choice clearly dominates the other, prediction is straightforward."
"At the risk of achieving results of quite limited general interest, a “simple,” easily quantified subject was deliberately chosen as the best place to begin to apply a theory that pretends to prescribe optimum decisions of a team in a precise way."
"At stationary states of technologies, asymmetric technologies (market shares) are expected."
"No derivations or proofs will be included."
"However, price shocks are predominantly driven by information; they do not revert and are often associated with macroeconomic news."
"We examine how initial public offerings (IPOs) and acquisitions affect entrepreneurial innovation as measured by patent counts and forward patent citations."
"We also introduce a very tight “computational” error bound."
"Vehicles are available for short-term rental and are accessible from multiple locations."
"We extend our analysis to address a quantity discount problem originally proposed in Spence [Spence M (1980) Multi-product quantity-dependent prices and profitability constraints."
"Formal results would otherwise degenerate to elegant cookbook recipes which might easily turn out to be worse than intuitive solutions arrived at from “off-the-shelf” models."
"A more detailed illustration is developed for the problem of deriving a consensus scoring model for credit applicants which combines the data of more than one loan officer."
"They are literally repelled by what they find classified under the label “management science.”"
"In the open network, parts arrive in batches of a fixed size for each part type, but with exponentially distributed interarrival times between parts."
"We discuss empirical implications of these results."
"One of the best of these procedures yielded solution costs that averaged only 1.36 full-time-equivalent employees above very conservative LP-based lower bounds."
"The benefits come from the better human resource management that results in a higher efficiency of the agents, both in terms of speed and quality of the answers they provide to customers."
"The implications of the results of these tests for the usefulness of this approach for manpower planning and other purposes are discussed."
"These results are consistent with a model of projection bias with respect to habit formation."
"Third, attribute level ratings of the relative desirability of energy options also agreed rather well across groups, although there was a tendency for each group to favor their holistic first choice."
"First, the costs of conservation may exceed the avoided costs, yet accepting such high costs (at the margin) need not imply a large conservation."
"Stylized facts suggest that the end of the tax year is a candidate for one such points in time."
"However, the analysis does not ignore other important aspects of credit policy, such as bad-debt level, length of the credit period, collection activities, and level of lost sales."
"This paper describes a conceptual model which allocates resources in a PERT network, the activities of which are subject to continuous concave-upward time-cost functions, in such a way as to achieve a minimum cost solution for a given completion date for the program described by the network."
"This paper examines weaknesses and biases inherent in commonly used measures of urban mass transit performance."
"Machine learning methods are powerful tools for data mining with large noisy databases and give researchers the opportunity to gain new insights into consumer behavior and to improve the performance of marketing operations."
"Cash increases more with price risk in firms using inflexible production technologies and those that cannot easily hedge electricity prices, indicating that operating flexibility and hedging are substitutes for liquidity management."
"The solution technique used is dynamic programming."
"Batch construction heuristics are developed and tested under three strategies for assigning storage space to individual items that have been suggested in the literature."
"These forecasts must be made on a routine basis for thousands of products, so that they must be made quickly, and, both in terms of computing time and information storage, cheaply; they should be responsive to changing conditions."
"We also illustrate empirically the performance of the Lp-norm estimators on various stochastic processes."
"The result is that restraints and restrictions arise; these must be taken into account in developing rational techniques for factory activity."
"Explanations for geographic variation in the efficacy of different customer acquisition methods including traditional methods of offline word-of-mouth (WOM) and magazine advertising and information systems (IS)-enabled methods of online WOM and online search remain unexplored."
"We leverage state-level variations in adverse event reporting regulations and instrumental variables to discover contradictions in HAI and present-on-admission (POA) infection reporting rates that are strongly suggestive of upcoding."
"Management Sci.22 (5) 547–557.]"
"A risk assessment was performed to assist in the evaluation of equipment improvements for a chemical storage facility."
"An application of the statistical control of time standards developed by the author has, quite unexpectedly, created the possibility of a further application of this method as an indicator of organisational deficiencies in industry which, at the same time, makes it possible to locate these deficiencies in the respective plants, departments and workshops."
"How Does the Variance of Product Ratings Matter? ("
"This suggests that bubbles are abated when traders know that a subset of them have an edge (in information) over others."
"However, the trials typically do not randomize short-run prices."
"We find that the optimal solution usually possesses a steady-state component."
"This paper presents a method for estimating the variances of sample performance measures in queueing simulations, for removing the bias in these sample measures due to initial conditions and for deriving approximating confidence intervals for the true performance measures."
"The cooperative component models the resulting competitive environment.)"
"A Nonparametric Approach to Modeling Choice with Limited Data (p. 305)Vivek F. Farias, Srikanth Jagabathula, Devavrat ShahHow should individual choice be modeled?"
"Using a diffusion approximation, we present approximate formulae for the steady-state distribution of the number of customers in the system."
"Our results demonstrate that the customer intensity of the service is a critical driver of equilibrium price, service speed, demand, congestion in queues, and service provider revenues."
"More interestingly, we find a second tipping point—at 93% occupancy—beyond which additional occupancy leads to a longer LOS."
"I also find evidence of institution-contingent responses to migration in two areas of firm strategy: vertical boundaries and the focus on exploration versus exploitation."
"The model incorporates bottleneck layers to encode cross-product relationships, calibrates time-series filters to capture purchase dynamics for products with different interpurchase times, and relies on weight sharing between the products to improve convergence and scale to large assortments."
"In fact, even improvements to out-of-assortment products can increase the profits of the retailer and certain in-assortment manufacturers."
"If the monitored parts have exponential distributions of time to failure, the optimal replacement policy for the remaining part has the following form:Let the non-monitored part be labeled 0 and let there be M monitored parts, labeled 1, …, M; then there are M + 1 numbers n1 , …, nM, N, with 0 ≦ ni ≦ N ≦ ∞ such that:(a) if Part i fails at a time when the age of Part 0 is between 0 and ni, replace Part i alone (i = 1, …, M);(b) if Part i fails at a time when the age of Part 0 is between ni and N, then replace Parts 0 and i together;(c) if Part 0 reaches age N at a time when all monitored parts are good, replace Part 0 alone."
"The cost application required is greater than the expected marginal cost of delay to preclude the greedy behavior and ensure a stable equilibrium."
"We thus propose a tractable heuristic for approximately solving the SAA problem by greedily constructing the tree from the top down."
"In both schemes, the component suppliers are allowed to freely form coalitions (or alliances) among themselves to better coordinate their pricing or production decisions."
"On a fairly general plain, the paper expresses a concern about the future of a profession which ought to be in the lead in the growing societal anxiety over poverty, pollution and privacy, but in fact plays virtually no significant role in these matters."
"Applications and computational results are presented."
"The paper integrates some of the considerable body of literature on these processes in the framework of Piaget's model to illustrate the type of guidelines cognitive process research can provide."
"The insight for management: Censorship bias causes individuals to make costly decisions and behave in an overly risk-averse manner."
"Neglect of these factors results in needlessly complicated “scoring” systems or in misleading results."
"Examples of each of these categories are discussed in the paper."
"We examine the effect of proportional transaction costs on dynamic portfolio strategies for an agent who maximizes his expected utility of terminal wealth."
"The results were organized into twenty-five categories of objectives that were influenced by Internet purchases."
"Supervisory Inventory on Human Relations."
"We also show that the optimal policy is a nested allocation policy if and only if the sequence of efficient sets is nested, that is S1 ⊆ S2 ⊆ … ⊆Sm."
"Queueing systems with scheduled arrivals, i.e., appointment systems, are typical for frontal service systems, e.g., health clinics."
"Two explicit limits to optimal decentralization are identified to help headquarters (HQ) to select the kinds of proposals that should be: Approved and executed by divisions without HQ review."
"Journal of Mathematical Analysis and Applications."
"The insight for management: Customers who actively change their product and service portfolios are a key market segment for target marketing both for retention and for increased service offerings."
"Internet retailer prices differ by an average of 33% for books and 25% for CDs."
"The results indicate that when given information about worker ability, male managers choose the tournament significantly less often for a female worker."
"I conclude that: Under conditions of sequential or reciprocal interdependence, building uniformly high control efficiency throughout the organization is essential."
"The min-max problem is easier to solve than the max-min problem."
"The task of identifying an optimal schedule is modeled as a nonlinear integer program, where the objective function is the outcome of stochastic analysis in transient state."
"They form an impression of the assortment after browsing products ranked in the initial positions and then decide whether to continue browsing."
"Banks charge fees for consumers who opt to cancel a check, use a foreign ATM, or use a debit card."
"Before this address is over I hope you will have reflected on something which you already know and that you will carry this thought with you, if no other, when you leave."
"We develop best-response functions for each firm in the technology game and compare how a monopolist and a duopolist respond to a given flexibility premium."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2183.This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"In two numerical experiments designed so that optimal policies could be computed, the LP policy fared well, differing from the optimal profit by an average of 2.20% and 1.84%, respectively."
"We uncover a distinction between two types of dynamic inconsistency, which we label fallacious and fallible inconsistency."
"Implications for future work are discussed."
"In this paper we focus on robust linear optimization problems with uncertainty regions defined by ϕ-divergences (for example, chi-squared, Hellinger, Kullback–Leibler)."
"Management Sci.10.]"
"We first look at WOM that expands awareness of a product."
"We also show for the case of multi-server stations of nondeterministic service times that the stronger property which involves invariance of distribution does not hold even for two-station blocking systems."
"We determine and quantify that both regret and availability misperception have significant operational and profit implications for the seller."
"It was solved in 1965 and represents the status then current in the application of mathematical programming methods to investment decision problems faced by Electricité de France."
"This statement rings true because many firms use content as in-kind payments to attract customers."
"Usually, the criterion of choice is assumed to be some function of probability and utility of the different outcomes associated with each course of action."
"This paper was accepted by Charles Corbett, operations management."
"In a set of controlled laboratory experiments, the authors find that seller behavior often deviates from the theoretical benchmarks."
"Both stock returns and performance improve after the takeover attempt."
"Moreover, when environments are adverse (e.g., failure-rich), nonaveraging metrics correctly overweight favorable outcomes."
"Unless properly accounted for, reporting bias may severely distort the distribution of public feedback relative to the underlying distribution of private transaction outcomes and, thus, hamper the reliability of feedback mechanisms."
"However, the theoretical predictions are not borne out in the unstructured markets."
"Quota and Level strategies restrict the number of alternatives passing the cutoff-based screen."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2349.This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"The authors outline an approach in which the data automatically select the right choice model for revenue predictions."
"We then derive a fundamentally different mechanism that induces DIs to self-select the social optimum."
"First, we immerse subjects in environments that do or do not support cooperation using repeated prisoner’s dilemmas."
"In particular, we exploit an exogenous shock to market size caused by a one-time migration of listings from other platforms, which gives rise to a quasiexperimental design."
"The solution of our framework coincides with a simple yet practical method that involves only regression and sorting, therefore providing an explanation for its empirical success."
"It is shown that when all customers have the same exponential service demand, this mechanism induces both the socially optimal arrival process and the service order."
"The authors examine the correlation of analysts' forecast errors with investor sentiment."
"On the other hand, using limited capacity for customers who may never need the service in the future takes the capacity away from other more urgent customers who need it now."
"especially for its application to a paint factory."
"We consider a problem where a sequence of technological breakthroughs are anticipated but their magnitude and timing are uncertain."
"We illustrate the advantages of a pooled benchmark over alternative approaches, including the Fung and Hsieh [Fung W, Hsieh DA (2004) Hedge fund benchmarks: A risk-based approach."
"We find that when a firm can discriminate among its customers but the rival cannot, customer base composition influences the rival's poaching behavior."
"The expected cost comprises the fixed and variable costs of sampling, the cost of investigating and correcting the process when at least one control chart indicates that the process parameters have shifted, and the cost of producing defective units."
"We explore analysts’ earnings forecast data to improve on one popular disagreement measure—the analyst forecast dispersion measure—proposed by Diether et al. ["
"Press of America, Washington, D.C.] and in various forums for more than three years."
"By way of contrast, in much of the literature on structural econometric models of online purchasing, there is typically only one stage of information acquisition."
"On average, households visit only 1.2 book sites, 1.3 CD sites, and 1.8 travel sites during a typical active month in each category."
"If y is the amount allocated, then the component constructed will be a success with probability P(y), where P is a continuous nondecreasing function satisfying P(0) = 0."
"Implicit understandings result in a retail price which is higher than the price resulting from an explicit contract but lower than the price resulting in the absence of an implicit understanding."
"Similar concepts, however, did not become standard in the literature of projects, and it seems that theory development in project management is still in its early years."
"We endeavor to understand the mechanisms by which environmental change acts to make purposeful efforts at organizational adaptation less (or more) valuable."
"Using a multitier mapping of supply-chain relationships constructed from granular global, firm-to-firm supplier–customer linkages data, we quantify the degree of financial risk propagation from the supply network beyond firms’ direct supply-chain connections and isolate structural network properties serving as significant moderators of risk propagation."
"The routine application of the economic lot size formula to each product separately, often leads to the phenomenon of “interference,” i.e., the machine will be required to produce two items at the same time, which is impossible."
"Even though user participation in information system development has long been considered to be a critical factor in achieving system success, research has failed to clearly demonstrate its benefits."
"The agents perceive the ensemble of all bidder values as a random vector governed by an ambiguous probability distribution, which belongs to a commonly known ambiguity set."
"This study employs a randomized field experiment to causally identify what type of signal is likely to complement another signal in the context of financing technology ventures."
"This question was left unanswered as it is left unanswered elsewhere in the literature on location studies."
"We present an acquisition policy, sampled expected utility (SEU), that employs particular estimations to enable effective ranking of potential acquisitions in settings where relatively little information is available about the underlying domain."
"Making optimization a natural extension of systems they understand and find very useful holds great promise, both for applications and for teaching optimization concepts."
"The results are robust to different measures of performance and networks, and consistent after controlling for CEO ability and connected boards' superior information."
"Furthermore, these effects are most pronounced among subjects who use heuristics, suggesting that intuitive processes play a key role in the spillovers we observe."
"The paper concludes with a discussion of the tractability of the model for various types of information systems as well as an application to a representative scenario."
"An LP model is used to show that these inefficiencies can occur in ex ante efficient organizational designs when asymmetric information is present."
"We show that these ties influence the selection of ventures to fund through a process of information transfer."
"Further, I question the applicability of Professor Rapoport's basic assumptions in the case of the present East-West conflict."
"Mean reliability is defined as a function of the unknown probabilities attached to the failure modes and the problem of estimating this parameter is posed."
"This paper was accepted by Victor Martínez de Albéniz, operations management."
"535–542."
"But if the user is new to the site, it cannot effectively target products, promotions, and advertisements."
"A repeat-sales regression on a subset of the data demonstrates the robustness of our index."
"We document that analysts’ attention to public information is driven by the demand for information and the analysts’ incentives and career concerns."
"failure"
"Communication among principal and agents can curb sabotage when they agree on flat prize structures and increased output."
"The relative importance of two determinants of adoption: perceived changes in organizational processes resulting from the use of a project selection model and the importance of the strategies used to introduce a model into an organization, appear to run counter to the thinking of many management theorists who tend to emphasize the importance of the organizational process and the importance of the strategy for change."
"Motivated by historical data, we consider two types of frustrations: long waiting times and long travel times."
"Using a light traffic approximation, we select (for various joint distributions of service time) the order of the stations that minimizes expected customer delay."
"We focus on product development projects within a single firm."
"By representing the problem elements in a binary computer as bits in a word and employing logical “and” and “or” operations in the problem-solving process, a number of problems involving several hundred integer variables have been solved in a matter of seconds."
"This study investigates the determinants and trading performance of outside directors’ equity deferrals, which represent the choice to convert part or all of their annual cash compensation into deferred company stock."
"At least some sponsors' losses were competitors' gains, suggesting that endorsement deals are partially a business-stealing strategy."
"Our estimates suggest they do, quite significantly in fact, by approximately 219% on average."
"In the course of studying production and inventory control, the author of this paper found it repeatedly necessary to explain his mathematical theory to operating personnel, many of whom have had little or no formal training in mathematics at the college level."
"An example and the results of manipulations of matrices with more than 300 rows and 2500 columns are shown."
"We observed no improvement over expected utility in comparisons between two risky prospects (risk-risk methods)."
"The linear plus exponential utility function has received increasing attention of late as a particularly attractive family for evaluating additive gambles for wealth."
"A debate has emerged as to whether personalization has drawbacks."
"Filtering responds to a societal context characterized more by diversity of interests than uniformity, and as much concerned with the possible adverse consequences of plans proposed by “experts” as with their promised benefits."
"In an earlier issue of this journal, Charnes, Cooper, Niehaus and Stedry provided different problem formulations to take into account the multiple attributes that organizations may consider in assigning men to jobs."
"Heuristic procedures are developed for these problems using intuition derived from their integer programming formulations."
"failure"
"Counter to previous work, we show that certain turn-and-earn rules not only help the manufacturer but can also help the retailer and increase total supply chain profits."
"They find that significant gains can be made from using a composite driver rather than selecting a driver based on the consumption pattern for the largest resource only."
"Portfolio companies do not show systematically higher performance at the time of entry; a performance difference emerges only over time, as the selection effect and resource redeployment occur."
"Specifically, it is shown that in a push system, the assembler's profit, the total profit of all suppliers and the consumers' surplus are all decreasing in the number of coalitions, and are thus maximized when the grand coalition is formed."
"It is then shown that past empirical studies which have used this methodology are deficient."
"We first show the reciprocal of the throughput is increasing and jointly convex, not component-wisely, in workloads."
"Now we have a group of languages in which it is possible to solve only the specific problem that each was intended to solve."
"This method can provide both a means of detecting ambiguities and a means of simplifying complicated statements without changing their meaning."
"However, for a given n, the difference between the expected numbers in the M/M/1 and ΣiGIi/M/1 queueing systems dramatically increases as the traffic intensity increases from ρ = 0.5 to ρ = 0.9."
"Following R. G. Brown, P. Winters, and Theil, Nerlove, and Wage, we start from a general set of forecasting formulas, but make fewer assumptions than those authors about deviations from the model, and obtain a more extensive collection of results."
"as well as more recent additions and (ii) to give computational comparisons of three other solution methods with that of El-Shaieb on his 30-city test data."
"The complexity of the proposed algorithm is pseudopolynomial, i.e., linear in the size of the network (measured by nodes, arcs, and buffers), linear in the amount of inflow, and quadratic in the number of time periods under consideration."
"The exact nature of the problem is established using the Generalized Lagrange Multiplier results given by Everett."
"Even though the profit of either firm decreases as customers become more strategic, the low-quality firm suffers substantially more than the high-quality firm."
"failure"
"This paper first examines and illustrates the way in which value judgements can be incorporated in a system, and how they can be externalized by changing the system's boundaries."
"We propose a numerical procedure that combines the abstract idea of artificial, unconstrained complete markets, well-known closed-form solutions in affine or quadratic return models, straightforward Monte Carlo simulation, and a standard iterative optimization routine."
"Using a two-period vertical model, we find that, under high-end encroachment, an increase in consumer uncertainty reduces the entrant’s profit and hurts the incumbent’s profit when the quality differential between the products is relatively small, whereas, under low-end encroachment, increasing uncertainty not only benefits the incumbent but also can favor the entrant."
"We consider a process control procedure with fixed sample sizes and sampling intervals, where the fraction defective is the quality variable of interest, a standard attributes control chart methodology."
"This paper examines the effects of providing broadband to schools on students' performance."
"Mean lateness, mean earliness and mean missed due-dates are used as measures of shop performance to compare the various predictable due-date rules under conditions of varying dispatching rules and shop size and structure."
"In this model, a decision maker always satisfies first-order stochastic dominance."
"The advertising industry is likely to be three times its current size by 1985."
"Shareholders are “outraged” if this updated probability is sufficiently large."
"Our key findings are as follows: First, the value of information is higher under two-part contracts; second, the value of offering two-part contracts is higher under full information; and third, the proportion of buyers the supplier will choose to exclude can be substantial."
"We document considerable return comovement associated with accruals after controlling for other common factors."
"Software piracy by users is generally believed to harm both software firms (through lower profits) and buying customers (through higher prices)."
"Managerial strategies, in fact, were found to be more important than structure, demographics, finances, and other factors."
"Using detailed data on container movements, gathered from two large international terminals, we simulate the impact of the two most important inspection policies that are being considered."
"Numerical experiments confirm the significant benefits of our methods."
"We study a manufacturer that faces a supplier privileged with private information about supply disruptions."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"New York: Academic Press, 1967, 396 pp.,"
"An accepted order must be filled before a positive delivery lead time."
"The methodology for obtaining a lower multinomial bound differs in several important respects from that for obtaining an upper bound."
"Logist."
"A channel stuffing manager ships excess inventory to the downstream channel, allowing him to report sales in excess of demand in order to influence investors' valuation of the firm."
"We model such uncertainty by an ambiguity set consisting of a finite number of plausible input distributions and aim to select the alternative with the best worst-case mean performance over the ambiguity set."
"Based on new IT offshoring data and IT workforce microdata the authors find that firms with offshore IT captive centers have 8% less of their onshore IT workforce involved in tradable occupations; those without offshore captive centers have increased the proportion of onshore employment in these same occupations by 3%."
"We show that if the true demand curve is one of many commonly used demand functions, or even a more complex (randomly generated) function, the firm can expect its profit to be close to what it would earn if it knew the true demand curve."
"Simulation results concerning sensitivity of the value obtained to the amount and correctness of the prior information for these three families is then presented."
"Even in the US with its very long tradition of tolerating these studies in the academic environment, where expansion of university activity in this area has been quite phenomenal since World War II, the arguments as to the scope and content of management studies have not abated, and will probably continue to rage for many years to come."
"A highly automated, real-time dispatch system is described which uses embedded optimization routines to replace extensive manual operations and to reduce substantially operating costs for a nation-wide fleet of petroleum tank trucks."
"His results are very interesting, but these can be made more representative of the real life by a simple modification of the deterioration function d(t)."
"We examine the value of competition as a mechanism for the buyer to elicit service quality from the suppliers."
"Nontrivial diversification possibilities arise when a factor model describes security returns."
"Results indicate that, as salespeople get closer to reaching their quota, their effort increases regardless of the week, and their bargaining position weakens (i.e., they offer lower prices), but only in the final week of the month."
"Regression results show that types predicted by the Epstein–Zin model to prefer early resolution choose early resolution with 20%–50% higher probability."
"It uses as a framework a decision rule for the determination of aggregate inventory; this aggregate rule is based upon the approximation of factory cost by a quadratic cost function."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1962, ix, 223 pp.,"
"Combinations of four important classes of response surface designs and three pseudorandom number assignment strategies constitute the basis structure of the simulation designs studied."
"Our results also indicate that advances in information technology can account for the pressure on firms to become more focused and that competition increases the likelihood of a focused strategy."
"Using Blackwell’s Approachability Theorem, we derive a set of necessary and sufficient conditions to relate the fill rate requirement of each customer to the resources needed in the system."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2369.This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"Programs generally fell into three types: (1) active programs, which included activities that ranged from technology needs assessment to consultation assistance; (2) broker programs, which provided limited direct assistance, but put industrial clients in touch with people who could; and (3) passive programs, which focused on providing information services, such as data base searches."
"We show that partial equity ownership of a rival firm reduces product market competition."
"Our study of the Bell System cost function shows that it is possible to reject the hypothesis that AT&T was a natural monopoly."
"More specifically, we can estimate a certain partial derivative with the same relative accuracy as the performance measure if the partial derivative is associated with a component either having one of the largest failure rates or whose failure can trigger a failure transition on one of the “most likely paths to failure.”"
"The main result (Theorem and Corollary of §6) is, that passing from a basic feasible solution to another one may always be carried out by constructing a simple symmetrical or a double loop (as defined in §2) and computing new values for the variables only along this path."
"Our demand models can be estimated from data and capture the postpromotion dip effect and cross-item effects (substitution and complementarity)."
"One implication is that, for the purpose of employee-driven manufacturing innovation, assignments between peripheral plants with high functional overlap can be more effective than assignments to and from central plants."
"We prove that the more risk-averse the declarer, the closer is the optimal declaration to the valuation, and the higher the probability that the partner who values the business more will end up owning it."
"The paper then describes an algorithm called the Heuristic Ceiling Point Algorithm (HCPA) which approximately solves (P) by searching only for feasible 1-ceiling points relatively near the optimal solution for the LP-relaxation; such solutions are apt to have a high (possibly even optimal) objective function value."
"We found that trustees behaved opportunistically when they anticipated monitoring—they were compliant when they knew in advance that they would be monitored, but exploited trustors when they knew in advance that they would not be monitored."
"Solutions without overtime could not always be found for them."
"2) Conflict occurs among managements over specialist interests that have often been described as professional interests. ("
"These preferences are defined in terms of Fréchet mean utility functionals, which are based on the Wasserstein metric in the space of probability models."
"In this paper, we investigate the relationship between increased trust and disintermediation by leveraging a randomized control trial in an online freelance marketplace."
"In this paper, we focus on the problem of technology selection and commitment under uncertainty, a major challenge to firms in turbulent environments."
"We calibrate our models with motorist behavior data, electric vehicle technology data, operation costs, and emissions data to estimate the relative effectiveness of the two systems under the status quo and other plausible future scenarios."
"The analysis reveals differences in how various parameters affect the cost reduction from pooling and suggests that these differences stem from the manner in which the parameters influence the induced correlation between lead-time demands of the demand streams."
"Motivated by the proliferation of online platforms that collect and disseminate consumers’ experiences with alternative substitutable products/services, we investigate the problem of optimal information provision when the goal is to maximize aggregate consumer surplus."
"The problem is to find a feasible schedule for each machine which maximizes the total reward."
"The model is extended to analyze hysteresis effects and within-country growth options."
"Several such groups resulting from the MAPS analysis were utilized to write characteristically different reports on the future."
"Doklady Akademii Nauk SSSR115 441–444. ("
"This paper provides a proof of the symmetrical allocation property (SAP), conjectured in an earlier work on the workload allocation problem for a manufacturing flow line system."
"It is demonstrated that it may be optimal for the contest designer to induce such equilibria, and some conditions for this are derived."
"We leverage past experiment data from this setting to determine what aspects of cheap-talk behavior each model captures well and which model (or combination of models) has better explanatory power and predictive performance."
"Compared to the first-best solution, firms in equilibrium tend to adopt too late."
"My assignment is to discuss mathematics in the management science of tomorrow."
"They are doing increasingly well in offering computer science courses relevant to management science (e.g. simulation, file manipulation)."
"In the first, advisors must compete with other advice sellers."
"We find that housing sentiment explains a large share of the time variation in house prices during both boom and bust cycles, and it strongly outperforms several macroeconomic variables typically used to forecast house prices."
"In this paper, I explore the relationship between interruptions and acquisition of routines—a form of knowledge—by teams."
"The resulting chance constrained statement, Pr {∑ni=1∑xik=0aik ≥ H} ≤ β, is shown to be different in substance from the classical case, Pr{∑ni=1a′ixi ≤ H} ≥ β, where xi denotes the variable of the program and aik and a′i denote the random variables."
"For a single proposed system, we solve a free boundary problem for a heat equation that approximates the solution to a dynamic program that finds optimal simulation project stopping times and that answers the managerial questions."
"Due to lack of detention capacity (the U.S. government measures capacity by the number of detention beds), tens of thousands of apprehended illegal aliens are released into the U.S. interior each year, instead of being removed from the country."
"A model is developed which allocates an available budget to research alternatives subject to budgetary constraints on both organizational and technical entities."
"Previous, largely anecdotal evidence shows that the performance implications of outsourcing CRM range from very negative to very positive."
"This paper was accepted by Yan Chen, decision analysis."
"This is evaluated numerically and is also used as a yardstick to assess two simple allocation heuristics suggested by static models."
"It is the purpose of this note to suggest: (1) that the Modigliani Hohn problem may be studied in terms of linear programming as well as through the calculus model originally employed; (2) that by working through the stock-flow relationships, it is possible to effect certain conceptual and computational improvements over Edward Bowman's original method for converting this type of problem into the “transportation” form [Bowman, E. H. 1956."
"The sealed bid auction with two bidders is regarded as a two-person variable sum game."
"To evaluate uncertain delays, we propose the Delay Unpleasantness Measure, which takes into account the frequency and intensity of delays above a threshold, and introduce the concept of lexicographic min-max fairness to design appointment systems from the perspective of the worst-off participants."
"The first effort uses information on the retailers' inventory positions to coordinate shipments from the supplier to enjoy economies of scale in shipments, such as full truckloads."
"Several results of this study are of particular interest."
"Queueing systems with interruptions serve as models for a variety of situations occurring in every day life."
"Interestingly, the author points to evidence that incumbent cable TV firms upgrade faster when located in markets with a potential municipal entrant."
"Introducing sabotage opportunities has a strong detrimental effect on performance."
"This difference is approximated by a formula which is a function of the traffic intensity, the number of component arrival processes and the squared coefficient of variation of the component interarrival times."
"I argue with a series of correlational exercises that firms tend to outsource lobbying tasks that demand a large amount of general skills, whereas they are more likely to assign firm-specific tasks to in-house lobbyists."
"The insight for management: The composition of start-ups and established firms significantly impacts the dynamics of competition involving start-ups."
"To examine the efficacy of this mechanism, we first characterize the social optimum and then analyze the response of DIs under a recirculation fee levied on cross-shipped cash."
"I believe that one answer to this problem is a Ph.D. level professional program that combines a unified view of theory with the opportunity to test the theory in practice."
"It shows the relative advantage of shortest processing time rules in gaining increased utilization of the shop facilities and the relative advantage of minimum slack rules in meeting promise commitments."
"Suppose customers arrive at an observable queueing system for service with a utility function of reward and waiting cost."
"But some “strategic buyers” are glad to wait to get yesterday's hot fashions at greatly reduced prices."
"Edited by: Anthony Ralston and Herbert T. Wilf."
"Our results reveal that when customer switching costs fall, multiproduct firms see lower growth than single-product firms, and entry with a multiproduct offering becomes less frequent than before."
"referred to as M-H)."
"Further, when the prosocial organizational values are combined with individual contest incentives, prosocial subjects no longer outperform their proself counterparts."
"All stock enters the system through the depot from where it is distributed to the retailers by a fleet of capacitated vehicles combining deliveries into efficient routes."
"The policy allows for order smoothing to reduce capacity costs and performs well relative to the (unknown) optimal policy."
"by implicitly matching meal breaks to implicitly represented shifts."
"Under the assumption that units outdate in the same order in which they enter inventory, it is shown that the structure of the optimal policy is essentially the same as in the case where the lifetime is deterministic."
"The best values for the multipliers are found by an iterative procedure which may be interpreted as a feedback mechanism in the Hax-Meal framework."
"Inventory depletion management."
"The interrelationships among such characteristics as reliability, maintainability and supply are considered insofar as they must be taken into account by design personnel relative to the mission of the equipment or weapon system."
"The first case is for a series of R&D projects analyzed sequentially by a single R&D team, while the second case is for a series of R&D projects analyzed sequentially and concurrently by two teams."
"The value of other techniques such as statistical process control, process capability studies, and cycle time analysis, on the other hand, appears to vary by industry, reflecting differences in the stages of the two industries' process management practices."
"The authors examine more than 100 million stock transactions and find excess buying price points one penny below round numbers."
"failure"
"Critical-path planning and scheduling: Mathematical basis."
"H3 Causal methods provide more accuracy than do naïve methods."
"The requester is the primary caregiver responsible for managing the health of a population of patients."
"This paper presents the results of some digital computer simulation tests of a procedure for the economic planning of lot sizes, work force, and inventories."
"By contrast, strong ties to potentially influential organization members who disapprove of a change outright (resistors) are an effective means of affective cooptation only when a change diverges little from institutionalized practices."
"The purpose of this paper is to illustrate the potential utility of graph theoretical methods for the management sciences."
"In particular, we explore the effects of uncertainty stemming from the use of sample estimates of population parameters."
"Hence, although contract manufacturing improves capacity utilization, it may reduce the profitability of the industry as a whole by weakening the incentives for innovation."
"ADVISOR 2: Modeling the marketing mix decision for industrial products."
"Would order-delivery performance be improved if we restrict the number of choices in product configurations?"
"1 (April 1960), pp."
"By distancing themselves from others in risk factor loadings, mutual funds yield distinct returns and become better-performing funds in different market situations."
"Due to its universality, the latter problem has a variety of applications in manufacturing, production planning, project management, and elsewhere."
"We make a conceptual argument that this sub-optimization is likely to be in the form of subordination of the mode decision subject to constraints imposed by resources that are highly specific to the mode decision."
"However, for nonparadoxical situations there is little difference in the predictive ability of both models."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2018.3246.This paper was accepted by Joshua Gans, business strategy."
"The policy most commonly implemented in practical applications of this problem is uniform, in the sense that it allocates the same per-unit subsidy to every firm, primarily because of its simplicity and perceived fairness."
"failure"
"The heuristic is tested using the disguised data obtained from a consumer electronics company."
"In this paper we consider an (S − 1, S) inventory system with Poisson demand and constant resupply times."
"The paper also identifies this shop's problem within the general context of multi-product, multi-period scheduling."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"The resulting reduced problem can be solved on a microcomputer as a shortest path problem."
"For this class of non-stationary series it may be shown in general that the optimal forecast for any future period may be expressed as a linear combination of past values of the series, and past one-step prediction errors; they are, in this sense, “adaptive.”"
"This paper was accepted by Teck Ho, decision analysis."
"3, January 1965, pp."
"This paper examines real-time decision rules for a U.S. Air Force inventory system where items are repaired rather than “used up.”"
"By jointly considering the interactions among the customers' preferences, the producer's product strategies, and the environmental standards imposed by governments, we present some interesting findings that can be used to manage and regulate the development of green products."
"The model can be adapted in the robust setting when the underlying probability distribution is not fully available."
"369—reviewed by Frederick Betz;—Le Breton, Preston P. “General Administration Planning and implementation.”"
"Venture capital funding has significant, usually positive effects on firm success."
"It is shown that the use of constant time intervals when the timing of the inflows is random underestimates the variance of the distribution of the NPV."
"Because of this property, the model could be called a “balking” model in the sense of Haight, (Haight, Frank A. 1957."
"This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"We study the optimal levels of advertising and promotion budgets in dynamic markets with brand equity as a mediating variable."
"A critical factor in industrial competitiveness is the ability of firms to exploit new technological developments."
"Motivated by applications in the manufacturing and service industries, we consider two models for coordinating scheduling with lead-time quotation: a basic model with a single customer type, and an enhanced model where an additional second customer type expects immediate service or production."
"This research explores how market competition influences a firm's optimal organizational structure."
"Notably, those recovery auditors who developed the ability to identify the use of default templates, copied and pasted data, and cloned records were the most effective in reducing increased reimbursements."
"In addition, although in these equilibria the buyer purchases low-quality goods with positive probability, the expected utility can be higher than in a separating equilibrium in which the buyer purchases the high-quality good for sure."
"It is shown that measures of efficiency, such as cost per passenger, are being incorrectly used as measures of effectiveness and that various traditional measures of efficiency, such as those which incorporate mileage, can be misleading when applied in decision making."
"However, volume production is reached faster in the distributed structure."
"We conducted fieldwork at Chicago-area banks to examine our framework's plausibility and application to learning in financial lending markets, a setting relevant to most firms."
"Such effects were more immediate for Toyota affiliates, but undetectable for close suppliers of Nissan."
"Connors et al. ["
"We observe endowment effects of typical magnitude for singleton holdings but attenuated endowment effects for multiple-unit holdings."
"Our paper provides some novel experiments in a financial context to advance the understanding of reference-point formation over time."
"They analyze four different ways of communicating risk: (i) numerical descriptions, (ii) experience sampling, (iii) graphical displays, and (iv) a combination of these formats in the “risk tool.”"
"failure"
"Hence, beyond the thickness of the connected sides of the market, the quality of the airline platform has an intrinsic value to travelers."
"This note proves that the only stationary GI/M/1/N queueing systems (i.e., systems having fixed waiting room capacity N(0 ≦ N ≦ ∞)) with renewal output are the M/M/1/0 and stable (traffic intensity < 1) M/M/1/∞ systems."
"This study examines the effect of signals from a competitor on the decisions of managers in a situation of strategic interdependence."
"Despite its central role in the theory of incentives, empirical evidence of a trade-off between risk and incentives remains scarce."
"This paper surveys the present and potential use of heuristic programming in management science."
"In the former class, findings related to the reliability, internal consistency, and external validity of the judgments are critically discussed."
"Automated investment managers, or robo-advisors, have emerged as an alternative to traditional financial advisors."
"The small-office/home-office  (SOHO) professionals comprise the fastest growing segment in the labor force today."
"Upward channel decentralization occurs when firms choose to not manufacture products by themselves and procure products from upstream suppliers."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, finance."
"We model the product development organization as a stochastic processing network in which engineering resources are “workstations” and projects are “jobs” that flow between the workstations."
"for other discrete public and private location problems."
"A managerial insight derived from this work is that rerouting is most effective in medium traffic-intensity situations."
"The insight for management: Genetic differences are a source of heterogeneity in economic and financial decision making."
"In practice, some well-established service providers (sellers) offer one-time experiences or product demonstrations for the services that have been introduced to the market for years."
"This result is particularly important since it demonstrates a limitation of the existing literature where process change always occurs at a decreasing rate."
"The reader is referred to Salveson's article for a detailed discussion of the circumstances in which this problem arises and for remarks concerning the assumptions in its statement."
"Math."
"Second, we introduce a new measure of conglomerate informational advantage, named “excess centrality,” which captures how much more central conglomerates are relative to specialized firms operating in the same industries."
"In this paper, we show that the bias in the pharmaceutical industry toward small innovations might be driven by the low sensitivity of the demand."
"R. Bellman, ed."
"We extend the model to allow the proportion of users implementing patches to depend upon the quality (chosen by the vendor) of the patch."
"Management Sci.5 (2) 179–191."
"To what extent do firms make use of the patent system, and what differences exist among firms and industries and over time in the propensity to patent?"
"Overall, our results suggest that the nature of the asset return process can have important implications for the welfare effects of capital gains tax."
"On the supply side, we apply the theories in optimal product design and market segmentation to analyze the producer's strategic decisions regarding the number of products introduced and their prices and qualities."
"It is shown that the optimal sample size shrinks as target rates are lowered."
"Despite its promises, little is known about the nature of an individual's ideation efforts in such an online community."
"Its use leads to a conflict between the discrete and continuous cases which disappears in a coherent approach."
"$10."
"Parameters for bus arrival distribution functions can be controlled to some degree by scheduling policy."
"Two costs are considered to be of importance: one proportional to the average overage, the second proportional to the average shortage."
"Thus we have a theoretical justification of a decision rule in a large scale dynamic programming application."
"In this paper efficient bounds for the price of a call option are obtained using the decreasing absolute risk aversion (DARA) dominance rule."
"The products are delivered from the warehouse to the retailers by vehicles that combine the deliveries to several retailers into efficient vehicle routes."
"The role, nature, status and future of Information Systems."
"The optimal rationing policy can be characterized by a sequence of monotone critical work storage levels."
"1960."
"We establish the effectiveness of our approach by comparing its performance in speed and solution quality to other specialized heuristics and to a standard optimization package applied to a 0-1 integer programming formulation of the problem."
"Overall, our results indicate financial distress risk is an economically important determinant of new CEO compensation packages."
"The function of the model is to simulate the decision making process of determining the number of seats (and therefore planes) a competitor will fly in a given “market.” ("
"We allow customers to transition classes while waiting."
"One of the main drivers for increasing profits and market share is service quality."
"In contrast, costless prosocial acts do not signal much about one's prosocial identity, so subsequent behavior is less likely to be consistent and may even show the reductions in prosocial behavior associated with licensing."
"We show how downstream firms can still benefit from upward channel decentralization provided their product positioning is endogenous."
"The genetic approach presented here is novel in that it uses two additional binary variables, one to allow the dispatcher to occasionally skip a job in the queue and another to allow the dispatcher to occasionally allocate the worst position to the job."
"Our findings suggest that generalist CEOs spur innovation because they acquire knowledge beyond the firm’s current technological domain, and they have skills that can be applied elsewhere should innovation projects fail."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"This paper falls in the latter category."
"I examine the effect of the disclosure of pending lawsuits in 10-K/Q filings on the contractual terms of newly issued bonds."
"The general simulation technique developed for this purpose allows the treatment of the s, S periodic review inventory problem with both demands and leadtime being stochastic."
"We find significant differences between developed and developing countries with respect to their structure of returns from capital investments."
"This paper catalogs the merits of alternative strategies for constructing basis portfolios to mimic the common factors."
"The resulting outcome is applied to support the valuation of alternative product designs in explicit consideration of the tradeoff between profit from product sale and from the provision of after-sales service."
"The speed and accuracy of the computational procedure are believed to be competitive with other known techniques for solving the convex programming problem."
"The cost of redistribution is assumed to be proportional to the number of shipments among the activities."
"Using a nationwide U.S. database of medical and pharmaceutical claims, we investigate the care delivery process at the most common entry point to opioid use: the primary care setting."
"Both the total discounted cost and the average cost criteria are treated."
"In the electronics industry and others, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) are selling their production facilities to contract manufacturers (CMs)."
"The importance of remanufacturing used products into new ones has been widely recognized in the literature and in practice."
"The modified algorithm will still allow for taking advantage of any special structures (e.g., an LP subproblem that is a “network problem”) just as in Benders' original algorithm."
"Unlike existing methods, the proposed heuristic is capable of solving problems involving distribution systems with multiple products."
"We model the problem of scheduling promotion vehicles to maximize profits as a nonlinear bipartite matching-type problem, where promotion vehicles should be assigned to time periods, subject to capacity constraints."
"The existence of organizational slack.2."
"Value theory plays an essential role in the formal solution of decision problems, but the experimental determination of value functions is subject to errors of various kinds."
"Competition leads to highly concentrated information-goods markets, with the leading firm behaving almost like a monopoly even with free entry and without network effects."
"It is shown how Lawler's procedure for the one-machine case can be combined with Johnson's rule to produce a branch-and-bound algorithm for the two-machine version."
"Although orginally developed to allocate budget increases, the model may be used in allocating budget cuts as well; this form of the model is also presented."
"Dollar averaging is a type of procurement policy whereby a given amount of money is spent at each purchasing opportunity."
"A minimax strategy is such a partition which guarantees a voter a certain security level in terms of the number of directorships he can win irrespective of how his opponents vote."
"The people living and working around the roads used for hazardous material (hazmat) shipments face the risk of suffering undesirable consequences of an accident."
"The excellences of the paper are, however, marred by a gap in the proof of the “Dominance” theorem."
"The method is illustrated using records of the aggregate sales during promotion events conducted by a 95-store retail chain in a single trading area."
"It is shown that the function representing the total of inspection and scrap costs will be minimized by an extreme-point solution, thus the minimum-cost inspection program will lie in a relatively restricted subset of all possible allocations."
"Both the bottleneck identification and the local reoptimization procedures are based on repeatedly solving certain one-machine scheduling problems."
"But do hiring firms actually increase their use of new recruits' prior inventions?"
"The solution is shown to be a unique pure strategy, and a computation algorithm is presented which constitutes an extension of Howard's policy iteration principle to considerations of feasibility."
"And growth options’ systematic risk could fall because the relative magnitude of their value in relation to systematic risk factors decreases."
"We explain these mismatches between observations and theory through a behavioral model based on bidders’ aversion to anticipated regret."
"Recent approaches to modeling the client’s payment-scheduling problem allow the client to control both the timing of payments and the completion times of activities."
"In a previous paper it was shown that zero-base budgeting, in which substantial resources are allocated to decision making, is optimal only under certain conditions, one of which is that management resources must be costless."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"This paper examines whether “you get what you pay for” in firms that implement residual income (RI)–based compensation."
"This implies greater emphasis in designing business school curricula and teaching methods on the development of fundamental analytical tools and on the use of these tools in identifying, solving, and implementing decisions on managerial problems."
"We also show that submissions from high-status authors receive more attention on electronic discussion boards, which may help high-status authors to develop their ideas and bring them forward to publication."
"1, January 2006, pp."
"In many practical applications or multi-item inventory systems significant economies of scale can be exploited when coordinating replenishment orders for groups of items."
"This committee does not believe it possible to properly educate an accountant within the framework of a conventional four-year university-level curriculum in this country."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"It presents an algebra of analysis taking the decision rules or logical structure of the system as given."
"failure"
"We then develop formulas for estimating the mean and s.d."
"The insight for management: SSDPB adopters also show significant improvement in operating performance relative to nonadopters."
"The mentioned examples, though quite complex in nature, are shown to be special cases of this model."
"failure"
"Merger and acquisition activity has increased sharply in the last decade."
"We explore the convergence and the validity of our approach using simulations."
"The results imply that in a market with multiple package sizes (produced by the same or competing firms), at least one of the packages must have the smallest possible size, provided the fixed cost of making the product is sufficiently low."
"Recognizing that the optimal allocation of environmental resources is likely to be a vacillating target, and that the existence of adjustment lags must be reckoned with in any operational context, we argue that meaningful policing of environmental quality will require the nonlinear taxation approach."
"Finally, there is a set of recommended directions for future research."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc., 1961—reviewed by Harold J. Leavitt;—Maass, Arthur, Hofshmidt, Maynard M., Dorfman, Robert, Thomas,Habold A. Jr., Maeglin, Stephan A. and Fair, Gordon M. Design of water resource systems."
"This alters the risk-sharing environment and leads to an increase in information acquisition."
"Constraints represent the extent to which the problem is defined or specified and problem formulation takes place as constraints are adjusted."
"We conduct a laboratory experiment to test these predictions."
"This paper describes a new approach to forecasting which takes into account possible pattern changes beyond the historical data."
"There are two main conflicting goals in such a system: high security level, which often leads to a longer line; and good customer service, which requires a shorter line."
"The academic and practitioner literature justifies firms' use of product costs in product pricing and capacity planning decisions as heuristics to address an otherwise intractable problem."
"Role-play training has a theoretical base in behavior modeling that entails observation, practice, and feedback."
"Since the semi-Markov process can be considered to be a generalization of renewal theory, it is not surprising that such applications are the first to suggest themselves."
"New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc. 1959."
"The study also notes the importance of addressing the form of the underlying population of electrical demand."
"The differential social control embedded in core and periphery values indigenous to a cultural setting, and the availability of resources in that setting, are discussed as critical factors for the effective adaptation of organizations and management practices transferred across cultural boundaries."
"Decisions with Multiple Objectives: Preferences and Value Tradeoffs."
"Although the probability distribution of individual utilities is arbitrary and mostly unknown to the manager, these rules perform in the same range as the best rule when the manager has full access to this distribution."
"John Barth, Giles Goat-Boy, p. 664.)In the Bayesian framework, quantified judgments about uncertainty are an indispensable input to methods of statistical inference and decision."
"Using a proprietary data set derived from regulatory filings with the Japanese government we test these implications in our empirical analysis of U.S.-Japan agreements."
"Since the potential number of customer types is factorial, we propose a market discovery algorithm that starts with a parsimonious set of types and enlarge it by automatically generating new types that increase the likelihood value."
"The initial cash outlay is deterministic and the magnitudes of the cash inflows are nonnegative, random variables with known distributions."
"We show that the PBR models can be cast as robust optimization problems with novel uncertainty sets and establish asymptotic optimality of both sample average approximation (SAA) and PBR solutions and the corresponding efficient frontiers."
"After either event, returns are reliably positive and, among small investors, trades classified as buyer-initiated are elevated."
"The data in both studies are consistent with the model predictions."
"Integrated Sequencing and Scheduling in Coil Coating (p. 647)Wiebke Höhn, Felix G. König, Rolf H. Möhring, Marco E. LübbeckeSalzgitter Flachstahl GmbH, a major German steel producer, has implemented advanced optimization methodologies to their complex production planning problem in integrated steel production."
"Consistent with the reputation concern rationale, we find that the positive association between eponymy and FRQ is attributable to eponymous firms that have rarer names or receive more press coverage."
"Tangible products are produced out of IBM cards by cutting, assembling and fastening processes."
"There also exists a “rare set,” which is accessible from the attractor state only by sample paths of very small probability."
"In the first part of this paper, we review three common methods of constructing discrete approximations and compare their performance in a simple example."
"Individuals chose a personalized savings plan and a default penalty themselves."
"Reducing decision lead times from 72 to 48 hours for major population centers could save an average of hundreds of millions of dollars in evacuation costs annually, with substantial geographic variation in savings."
"We combine ideas from machine learning (ML) and operations research and management science (OR/MS) in developing a framework, along with specific methods, for using data to prescribe optimal decisions in OR/MS problems."
"This note points out that three of the facilities layout problems solved by Picone and Wilhelm (Picone, C. J., W. E. Wilhelm."
"It is also local implementation that gives flexibility and, hence, realism to the results obtained from broad formal models."
"In this study we answer the following key questions: How should the schedule be computed when there are no-shows?"
"The critical problems of information search and dissemination are examined."
"Furthermore, our principal idea of improving rolling schedules by considering only a portion of the fixed cost related to a decision with an impact on periods beyond the planning horizon is applicable to a wide range of decision models."
"Although we observe that privacy regulation alone can result in a decrease in planning and operational HIEs, we also find that, when coupled with incentives, privacy regulation with requirements for patient consent can actually positively impact the development of HIE efforts."
"Elderly women are found to be unequivocally worse off under older as opposed to younger age structures; they spend more yet consume fewer services."
"When market imperfections are assumed away, the model gives an unrealistically large equilibrium number of middlemen and levels of middlemen."
"The objective is to examine the impact of two distinct product development strategies and structures on time-to-market."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1967, 232 pp.,"
"If, at the end of the N stages, we are i components short, then a final penalty cost C(i) is incurred."
"The contribution of IT flexibility to value is greater in the case of collaborative alliances than in arm's-length alliances."
"Similarly, supply chain performance may degrade."
"We find that high-excess-centrality conglomerates have greater value, and produce more and better patents."
"Advertising is often criticized for presenting only partial or selective information about products."
"Related questions concern: (a) the compatability of probabilistic thinking with the culture of line management; and (b) the accuracy of the elicited judgments, using the “best” of methods."
"We also find that the degree of confidence manufacturers have in their imitating behavior affects the intensity of that behavior, where an organization’s confidence is determined by the variance of the routines used by its reference group and the number of firms in the reference group."
"The applicability of this model is demonstrated by industrially validated studies in the areas of manufacturing, hydraulic, heat transfer, and electrical systems analysis."
"failure"
"Our unique data set allows us to establish a direct connection between insiders, their brokerages, and the brokerages’ other clients."
"In contrast, an analysis of the relationship between computer ownership and entrepreneurship at the individual level provides evidence that individuals who had access to a home computer are substantially more likely to become entrepreneurs over the following 12–15 months."
"These results suggest that deterring third-party competition via preemptive remanufacturing may reduce profits, whereas the presence of third-party competition may actually be beneficial for an OEM.This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"Management Sci.11 (4) B-69–B-87."
"New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1956."
"We discuss the implications of these findings for managing design in new product development."
"The formulation enables us to rigorously answer economic questions ranging from pricing, revenue sharing, and production levels in a static setting, to market dynamics covering both the causes and effects of changes in industry structure."
"In particular, we provide an equivalence between the signs of these cross-derivatives and individual preference within a particular class of simple lotteries."
"The present paper provides an extension and application of the theory to situations where the decision maker is confronted with more than two alternatives."
"failure"
"For the shoreline case we develop and analyze heuristic algorithms."
"If the constraints are Leontief and the objective is convex (in a maximization problem), then the existence of an extreme point optimal solution can be verified."
"The insight for management: New formulation approaches can help with solution speeds for large-scale integer programming problems."
"We then present experimental results showing that, compared with the policy of using representative sampling for feature acquisition, SEU reduces the cost of producing a model of a desired accuracy and exhibits consistent performance across domains."
"The paper graphs each of four kinds of costs (costs of long promises, costs of missed promises, costs of idle resources, and costs of carrying inventory) against two independent variables, the amount of work-in-process inventory and the tightness of the promises."
"By a committee, we mean any group of people who have to pick one option from a given set of alternatives."
"We characterize the production quantities associated with self-selection and explore the effect of various parameters in the Nash equilibrium."
"More importantly, for large N a close (or exact) approximation to the set of mean-variance efficient portfolios (with respect to average compound return) is obtainable via a subset of the isoelastic class of utility of wealth functions."
"Numerical experiments and simulations were performed to analyze the impact of model assumptions and system parameters on the cost improvement generated by file migration."
"An illustrative graphical example is presented and several extensions are indicated."
"We identify sets of design elements that encourage broad search and others that promote stability."
"For example, many authors recommend a multiplicative index, over an additive index, in order to generate a wide range of project scores."
"IPOs with high expected skewness earn more negative abnormal returns in the following one to five years."
"—“A further note on warehouse location” by L. A. Goldstone, University of Manchester Institute of Science & Technology—“Management Misinformation Systems—Another Perspective” by Alfred Rappaport, Graduate School of Business, Northwestern University"
"A second set of empirical studies provides evidence that these customer-level differences are explained in part by customer compatibility."
"This conception of universal knowledge is more inclusive in scope and suggests an expanded role for cross-national research in organizational inquiry."
"Useful insights were gained, particularly on the acceleration in idea production and productivity and on the character of the innovation cycle and its relation to employment, investment, and profitability."
"We develop a fast combinatorial technique to obtain the optimal prices."
"Effective management of inventories in large-scale production and distribution systems requires methods for bringing model solutions closer to the complexities of real systems."
"The authors of these programs have thus to determine the most economical solution of problems and then to enlighten and persuade the authorities in charge of approving operations."
"We show that the USV conditions restrict both the mean reversions of risk factors and the cross section of conditional yield volatilities."
"We show how the magnitude of gains from additional sampling can be calculated and traded off against sampling costs."
"This permits various methodological innovations in the inexact sciences, e.g., expert judgment and simulation."
"The replenishment lead times from each source are stochastic, representing congestion and disruption."
"Due to the short sales season and long replenishment lead times associated with such products, the retailer is unable to update demand forecasts by using actual sales data generated from the early part of the season and to respond by replenishing stocks during the season."
"The paper subsequently draws implications from these reviews and suggests reconceptualizing F&P through use of decision-theoretic concepts."
"We refer to this problem as robust selection of the best (RSB)."
"Second, a uniform reduction in capacity cost across the board may harm everyone."
"They find that customers who have greater transaction demand and higher efficiency and reside in areas with a greater density of online banking adopters are faster to adopt online banking."
"The conclusions of their paper are significantly affected by this."
"In particular, greedy algorithms that exploit current estimates without any exploration may be suboptimal in general."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, finance."
"As a result, inference about skill is inevitably contaminated by the error in the benchmark model."
"In both schemes, a customer obtains priority over all customers, waiting in the queue or arriving while he is waiting, who make lower bids."
"Despite the central role of arbitrage in finance and economic theory, there is limited evidence of the factors that create and eliminate arbitrage opportunities, how often arbitrage occurs, and how profitable it is."
"Tchebycheff systems: with applications in analysis and statistics."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2963.This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"The sensitivity of the first period decision to various parameters is also explored."
"Noting the evidence linking the dependence of utility functions on the “certainty effect,” our method: (1) compares lotteries with other lotteries rather than certain amounts; (2) does not “chain” responses; and (3) consistently uses “elementary lotteries” which control for range and reference points."
"The result is the development of a meta-theory of decision-making."
"In any experiment, learning the distribution from experience is impossible for the subjects, essentially because it is impossible for the experimenter."
"This paper reports on some of the results of a study on research administration at the University of Missouri, Columbia."
"A number of hypotheses relating the bias in information to the final decision have been proposed."
"Our findings reveal several behavioral regularities, which do not support the sequential equilibrium for this bargaining mechanism."
"On the other hand, new trends in the advertising literature since 1977, such as quality as an additional marketing instrument, cumulative sales models, pulsing advertising, and advertising as a part of corporate models of the firm, are discussed."
"A mathematical model is presented for assigning numerical weights to each individual of an organization."
"We demonstrate that the models used by Standard and Poor's (S&P) and Moody's fail in-sample specification tests even during the precrisis period and in particular understate the kurtosis of spread changes."
"This paper shows how the two fundamental limitations can be overcome in some cases."
"This study presents an attempt to explain how international dual listing of securities can reduce the effects of segmented international markets."
"Uncertainty regarding the actions of a competitor, however, cannot be reduced."
"This paper was accepted by Ilia Tsetlin, behavioral economics and decision analysis."
"Model constructs were measured at three points in time at each organization: preimplementation, one month postimplementation, and three months postimplementation."
"failure"
"The paper presents a method of attack which splits the problem into two non-linear (or linear) programming parts, (i) determining optimal probability distributions, (ii) approximating the optimal distributions as closely as possible by decision rules of prescribed form."
"For an Mt/G/∞ model with appropriate initial conditions, it is known that the number of busy servers at time t has a Poisson distribution for each t, so that the full distribution is characterized by its mean."
"We develop a two-stage model that relates environmental volatility to product development decisions and product development decisions to software volatility."
"Although firms appear unable to increase the frequency of aisle display promotions in the short run, they can reallocate these promotions within their portfolio of brands."
"failure"
"The model predicts the supply of primary care providers over a planning horizon."
"The model accounts for variable costs of supply, fixed investment costs, capacity constraints at the regional and local levels, and water quality requirements at the local sites."
"Finally, we consider more general examples in which a naive bidder matched against a rational bidder does (i) worse than his rational opponent, but (ii) better than a rational bidder matched against another rational bidder."
"This paper investigates the pricing and restocking fee decisions of two competing firms selling horizontally differentiated products."
"The central contribution of this work is a novel and systematic framework for designing test score–based algorithms for a broad class of naturally occurring utility functions."
"Thus, strategies to improve collective decision making must adapt to the predictive situation at hand."
"Our model includes two of the factors commonly assumed to cause the bullwhip effect: demand forecasting and order lead times."
"Alternatively, he could increase the quality of the low-end model, but delay its release."
"We document an annual liquidity beta performance spread of 4% in the cross section of mutual funds over the period 1983–2014."
"Illustrations of the application of each model are also given."
"failure"
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"The analysis reveals that the various integration techniques are differentially associated with manufacturer performance."
"We provide an empirical answer to this question by using unique panel data covering the sales and service records of more than 700 diagnostic body scanners."
"This paper identifies empirically which reference point people use in decision under risk."
"Several results are reached."
"Making novel use of analyst forecast revisions to measure cash flow news, a simple enhanced reversal strategy generates a risk-adjusted return four times the size of the standard reversal strategy."
"We investigate how risk-management strategies of the manufacturer change and examine whether risk-management tools are more or less valuable in the presence of such asymmetric information."
"We describe how choices of R&D selection thresholds, preferences over project risk, and use of technology markets for the buying and selling of projects differ by the state of the firm’s pipeline, the magnitude of transaction costs in the adjustment market, and the magnitude of technology costs."
"Automobile manufacturers in the U.S. supply chain exhibit significant differences in their days of supply of finished vehicles (average inventory divided by average daily sales rate)."
"Optimal allocation” may be taken as referring to static problems, while “optimal scheduling” refers to dynamic problems, varying over time."
"In a laboratory experiment, we allow agents to make simple contracts before they play one of four games, and the most effective contract always includes an unenforceable “handshake” agreement to take the first-best action."
"Finally, large structures can be solved either by direct solution of the characteristic linear equations or through an iterative reduction (compression) to smaller structures."
"Decision variables are divided into four groups: the payment schedule, securities transactions, short-term financing, and the cash balance."
"GUB Covers and Power-Indexed Formulations for Wireless Network Design (p. 142)Fabio D'Andreagiovanni, Carlo Mannino, Antonio SassanoHigh-tech wireless networks such as the Internet, television, radio, and mobile communications depend on efficient network design."
"On the other hand, the technology impact on Internet service provider profits is nonmonotonic: Their profits may increase or decrease as a result of lower telecommunication costs."
"Convex partition programming."
"The system consists of N single-Erlang servers in series having a common interstation buffer capacity."
"Under the contracting scheme we model, the buyer (principal) delegates the majority of product specification and production activity to the supplier (agent), but retains the flexibility to commit a given, observable amount of an internally available, limited resource (e.g., engineering hours) to help the supplier."
"In a departure from other work on data-driven optimization, we consider data consisting, not only of observations of quantities with direct effect on costs/revenues, such as demand or returns, but also predominantly of observations of associated auxiliary quantities."
"This study presents an industry-specific analysis of innovation across 53 ICJV's (hospital/physician group combinations), using qualitative and quantitative analyses to identify those factors most strongly associated with the degree of innovativeness in these new organizations."
"B.31 113–118.]"
"Therefore plants with low noise levels can potentially learn more effectively than high noise plants."
"Quick response mitigates strategic behavior through a different mechanism: by better matching supply to demand, it reduces the chance of a clearance sale."
"The theoretical results in this paper agree with experiments on the subject which have been reported in a previous paper."
"Before the takeover attempt, the peer firms borrow less and invest more than predicted."
"Ultimately the model may be used to optimize the number, type, and location of quality control components or to optimize the performance of systems operating under risk."
"Additionally, this article sets a theoretical and empirical basis for future research on the influence of organizational process factors and capabilities on diverse product-innovation outcomes."
"Interestingly, these authors find in their financial experiments that the subjects' reference price is best described as a combination of the first and the last price of the time series, with intermediate prices receiving smaller weights."
"The author describes a time inconsistency: At the moment a gambler enters a casino, he plans to follow one particular gambling strategy; but after he starts playing, he wants to switch to a different strategy."
"No such effect exists for credit rating agencies."
"On the other hand, as judged by common usage, most management science models qualify as planning models."
"Existing approaches to combining multiple forecasts generally offer either theoretical richness or empirical robustness, but not both together."
"Specifically, flat pricing leads to a higher investment level for solar energy, and it can lead to still more investments in wind energy if a considerable amount of wind energy is generated throughout the day."
"Our findings are not driven by the Sarbanes–Oxley Act and are robust to a battery of other tests."
"This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"Exploration of this model highlights the complex relationship between first-order and second-order learning."
"However, the form of the risk can be varied arbitrarily."
"When a patient requires advanced care outside of the requester’s expertise, the requester refers the patient to a provider and pays for the referral services."
"Management Sci.5(1, October) 89–96.],"
"We consider the formation of alliances that potentially create complementarities, that is, when the value function is supermodular in firm resources."
"This dilemma motivates us to investigate the value of coordinating decisions on prices and capacity allocation in a stylized setting."
"An efficient computer representation of this structure and methods for updating it are described in this paper."
"While these areas are not useful for immediate application at the user's level in the management sciences, a recent symposium on the subject provided a short tour through these greenhouses of science for management from which applicable science may be expected to emanate."
"But the link between statistical significance and financial significance is indirect, and there has been little or no research into it."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1962—reviewed by Ernest Koenigsberg."
"We show that if we take these value estimates at face value and select accordingly, we should expect the value of the chosen alternative to be less than its estimate, even if the value estimates are unbiased."
"Res.11 442–459.)"
"The experimental results are largely consistent with the theoretical predictions."
"This approximation is used to develop a greedy heuristic which minimizes expected costs subject to a fill-rate service constraint."
"A model has been developed to study economic decision making in police organizations."
"When the firm operates above this threshold, aggressively managing earnings smooths revenue and cash flow with few long-term consequences."
"This note presents an alternate proof of a result of L. G. Mitten, solving the problem of sequencing n jobs through two machines with arbitrary time lags when the job sequences are the same for both machines."
"No conclusive listing of these developments can be attempted here."
"It extends some of Bellman's work in that the transformed states at successive stages may not have the properties demanded by Bellman; e.g., the state norm need not diminish at all, and can, in fact, increase."
"In each of these three situations six criteria were comparatively evaluated by the judges."
"More and more, mental health care is being delivered by a variety of community-based service agencies instead of single, comprehensive institutions."
"A heuristic variant of FABLE is also described."
"An iterative numerical procedure is presented for the special case of generalized Erlangian distributed repair times."
"The findings are based on the unique perfect equilibrium in a finitely repeated game."
"The results compare favourably with those derived from a matched single cause model."
"But one key role of advertising is to excite potential consumers into learning more about the product."
"We find that (i) three-quarters of individuals exhibit trend-chasing behavior, (ii) seven times as many individuals exhibit behavior consistent with Barberis et al. ("
"We analyze and compare the optimal order quantities and the resultant CVaR values of the systems and study their comparative statistics."
"Further tests indicate an increase in type I audit opinion errors and no change in audit risk after the ruling."
"Although hypothetical, the games allow the players to transfer mentally to the real business world."
"While they can achieve a high predictive accuracy rate, the reasoning behind how they reach their decisions is not readily available."
"The value relationships among the competitors in a competitive situation are described by means of competitive coefficients."
"However, this conclusion has typically been based on the assumption that the manufacturer can observe the retailer’s level of inventory before making wholesale pricing decisions."
"This paper presents work designed to help determine the optimal amount and timing of capacity expansions for situations where demand or facility life are stochastic."
"Possible implications for decision making in organizations are examined."
"Firms hire their executives using optimal contracts derived within a competitive labour market."
"Facilitated groups experienced improved group processes and greater cohesion, whereas the GSS-supported groups did not."
"In order to use the earliest computers, it was necessary to describe the problem in the detailed computer hardware language."
"Such research is importantly needed because government is no longer making outlay allocations on a merely historical basis, but is using as a criterion how effectively an organization uses its resources in meeting its objectives."
"Simulation experiments are reported here which describe the effect on the performance of a shop and its associated inventor' system when using this type of information with an Order Point inventory control system."
"Using a tractable structural model of the matching equilibrium between underwriters and equity-issuing firms, we study the determinants of value in underwriter–firm relationships."
"Platforms facing unfavorable expectations face an additional constraint: their prices and first-party content investment need to be such that low (zero) participation equilibria are eliminated."
"Utilizing this result the paper analyzes the relative importance of the duration constraints."
"Several strategies that may be used to make choices under risk are simulated using a production system framework."
"Earnings Effects of Entrepreneurial Experience: Evidence from the Semiconductor Industry (p. 286)Benjamin A. CampbellHow should entrepreneurs be rewarded to maximize their effort levels?"
"failure"
"failure"
"We find that such “reverse time inconsistency” is more likely to be observed when the delays to and between the two outcomes are short (up to a week)."
"By Andrew Vazsonyi."
"Homewood, Illinois: Richard D. Irwin, Inc., 1962, $6.50, 292 pp—reviewed by Mason Haire;—Buffa, Elwood S. Modern production management."
"Previous research has usually assumed full execution of warranty if a product fails within the warranty time."
"Four new bounds for the identical processor problem are given."
"Many EPR implementations are collective—a large collection and recycling network (CRN) handles multiple producers’ products in order to benefit from scale and scope economies."
"If the job passes the test, then it continues its process downstream."
"We find that the impact of adding a vehicle of a particular model to a dealer’s lot depends on which cars the dealer already has."
"This paper studies the problem of scheduling jobs on parallel machines with setup times."
"In contrast to the standard negative risk-incentive trade-off, this “learning-by-doing” effect generates a positive relation between profitability uncertainty and incentives."
"For a decision maker who maximizes expectation in the face of uncertain prospects, the kinds of utility functions which lead to the use of diversification are explored."
"This paper studies a problem of determining the level of certain decisions, taken prior to certain events taking place, and the subsequent additional resource procurement decisions needed to implement the initial program once these events have materialised."
"I am in agreement with this principles for the resolution of conflicts among individuals, whenever his basic assumptions are applicable."
"Detection of security breaches often requires specialized effort."
"These preferences can be modeled as an individual difference, indicating a particular decision maker’s tastes and willingness to accept risk."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"Our numerical examples demonstrate that the value of active monitoring and screening of employees can be substantial."
"Some tend to short currencies with high returns and all incur substantial costs with frictions, mostly margin requirements and equity rebalancing costs."
"This paper was accepted by Hamid Nazerzadeh, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"Substantial computational experience is reported in all cases where it would appear that relatively large problems can be handled routinely."
"The objective of the historical analysis is to test the potential of adjustment models based on historical estimating behavior."
"We first model and derive the optimal periodic review inventory policy corresponding to a given supply contract, which generates piecewise-linear convex ordering costs."
"An example of the application of this procedure is given and the results are compared with actual observations."
"This may result in underinvestment or overinvestment in innovation and capacity, but always increases profitability."
"A common approach to innovation, parallel search, is to identify a large number of opportunities and then to select a subset for further development, with just a few coming to fruition."
"As illustrations, special cases are considered."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, 1959."
"However, the authors do find measurable differences between what leaders expect and the actual norms of advisers."
"A major advantage of this approach is its robustness or flexibility."
"A wider dissemination of price information reduces pricing errors and the transfer from liquidity traders to speculators."
"The model depicts the agency as an hierarchical assemblage of decision units whose overall goal is to satisfy clients without antagonizing competitive interests."
"1976) to a stochastic environment by identifying the kth pallet of item type j: Frequently demanded pallets are stored close to the input/output point and rarely demanded pallets are stored at the end of the storage rack."
"Paris, 1958, 277 pp—reviewed by E. J. Gumbel;—The Management of Corporate Capital."
"We extend the results to problems that are nonlinear in the optimization variables."
"Extensions to multiple-machine sequencing problems are discussed, and the sequencing of two machines in series is treated in detail."
"This conceptualization is very often called a model and may consist of a set of statements or may in fact be a physical representation of the system."
"Computational improvements of, sometimes, a striking nature are presented."
"The above situation is then reversed: indices in terms of bad-debt level, receivable level, etc.,"
"First, using more information concerning the current work in progress, available resources, and activity precedent relationships provides a better due date estimate for a new project."
"One thousand male and female heads-of-household were interviewed in depth to determine their preferences for investment among forty-one projects in the areas of social services, business and job development, public transportation, arts and leisure, and education."
"We study single-server stations in tandem, in which customers arrive according to a Poisson Process and are to be served at each of two servers."
"The spike-reversal pattern is strongest among small, illiquid stocks that are hard to arbitrage."
"Although offshore outsourcing has become an important strategy to lower production costs among Western firms, it gives rise to the phenomenon of value chain climbing—suppliers in emerging markets can develop capabilities by supplying, with aspirations to compete with the buyers in the product market."
"It differs from alternative approaches to this well-known problem by allowing for setup cost indivisibilities."
"This approach is characterized in this paper by a set of propositions formulated to describe how authority and responsibility are distributed and how search and coordination are facilitated."
"The conditions of the improving technological environment are stated in terms of operating costs, incremental profits, and expected operating costs, respectively, for these models."
"Using this framework, we show that dedicated collateral may lead to more defaults than pooled collateral, we study the consequences of illiquid collateral for the spread of losses through fire sales, we compare networks with and without selective contract termination, and we analyze the impact of alternative resolution and bankruptcy stay rules that limit the seizure of collateral at default."
"In particular, by mitigating different contributors of behavioral investments, delegating to IT reduces the likelihood of the occurrence of the sunk cost effect by more than 50%.This paper was accepted by Sandra Slaughter, information systems."
"Examples include in-home video entertainment, technology goods and services, multisourced data platforms, and patent pools."
"Bellman uses dynamic programming to establish a computational algorithm for the solution of the “warehouse” problem."
"Evidence shows that the electronic trading system has more price discovery and that trading automation increases the speed of incorporating information into prices."
"These findings provide important implications for the design of electronic markets for securities with different characteristics and trading environments."
"Moreover, their effect is contingent on complexity: a wider variety of solutions is helpful only in complex problems."
"Examining the outside purchase contract and leverage decisions, we find that the outsourcing decision is associated with less leverage."
"Although economic theory has emphasized that moral hazard and hold-up problems influence the design of contracts, very little is known about the process by which explicit contracts are established and the effect of contractual arrangements on firm performance."
"The parameters of the underlying demand model are initially unknown, so each price decision involves a trade-off between learning and earning."
"We develop a model based on the number and timing of the customers' previous transactions."
"Such considerations do, however, suggest what the limits of applicability of the adaptive representation are, and give a criterion for choosing between the autoregressive and adaptive representations in the case of any particular series."
"Finally, we show that the intuitive argument that firms must improve their product quality when overall information availability in the market improves does not always hold."
"The authors develop a new Monte Carlo-based method for pricing path-dependent options under the variance gamma (VG) model."
"This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"Due to shortcomings in the U.S. government's data collection procedures, we cannot directly estimate all of the model's parameter values."
"We find that the content submission significantly increases engagement and retention by reducing users’ hazard of ending a session by approximately 11% relative to the baseline and reducing the hazard of abandoning the game app by 14%."
"We find no evidence of greater dissatisfaction with returns in these conditions, and we observe a willingness to take on similar levels of risk in subsequent allocations."
"Human Biol. ("
"Rather the procedure is to utilize the results of the M-H paper and to investigate the behavior of the decision rule through time in a very special case which seems to be of considerable practical importance."
"We demonstrate that, with walk-ins, the optimal schedules are fundamentally different from those without."
"Practical limits on the size of most probabilistic models require that probability distributions be approximated by a few representative values and associated probabilities."
"Making effective decisions under risk often requires making accurate predictions of other people’s decisions under risk."
"The model builds on the psychological elements of conceptual consumption, adaptation, and time distance."
"It is assumed that there are fixed costs associated both with establishing facilities and with including specific activities at the locations."
"Econom."
"When small manufacturers represent about 96 percent of all U.S. manufacturers, investigation of JIT implementations in small, as well as large, manufacturers is warranted."
"Daily isohyets (equal rainfall contour lines) can be constructed from simulated computer periods of an unlimited time horizon."
"The insight for management: Manufacturers' warranties and retail service plans are often substitutes."
"The CW replenishes system inventory using a base-stock replenishment policy and a predetermined order cycle of H time periods; i.e., every H periods, the CW orders enough from an outside supplier to bring the systemwide inventory position to a certain level (to be determined) based on a given minimum level of customer service."
"We use a search procedure to determine the sample size, interval between samples and control limits for both charts that minimize the expected cost."
"Research reports of others indicate that many manufacturing organizations experience (a) the probiem of aggregate planning, and (b) experience systematic productivity changes throughout the “life” of a product."
"The results suggest that an individual's assessment of the value of the data generated by an R&D project selection technique is an extremely important factor in determining his willingness to adopt the technique."
"Krishnan (Krishnan, K. S. 1977."
"The model is general in that the parameters, costs and initial conditions may be varied for different situations."
"The response of the model to parameter changes and model inputs can become routine analyses using classical control theory methodology."
"Transport Canada decided to postpone indefinitely the lengthening of the runway."
"Our findings contribute to the understanding of the psychological processes involved in newsvendor decisions and have implications for supply chain financing and contract design."
"Among them, the message routing problem plays a determinant role in the optimization of network performance."
"Since procedures for producing optimal solutions to a quadratic assignment problem are computationally infeasible for any but small problems, heuristic techniques for producing approximate solutions must be employed for the solution of real practical problems."
"The procedures developed in this paper balance the costs of accumulated forecast errors and the costs of forecast updates."
"The usefulness of the approach is illustrated with a numerical example involving crop planning, and the example is extended to explore the effects of using the methodology when the required assumptions do not hold."
"This paper considers a multiserver first-come, first-served (FCFS) queueing model where we arrange servers in two stations in series."
"We further extend our analysis to situations where the ESR relationships are sequentially formed in a decentralized manner, where the benefit of ESR depends on the collective choice of the firms’ investment levels, where multiple ESR programs are implemented in the network, and where ESR investments depend on the negotiation relationships."
"We contrast this approach to prior reviews of the literature, which tend to examine the importance of environmental and contextual variables, such as market growth rate, the competitive environment, or the level of top-management support."
"The scientific exploration of the moon requires that a number of experiments be conducted for the purpose of investigating the many questions and hypotheses posed by nearly every discipline in the scientific community."
"From the grammar, we generate an integer programming (IP) model having a linear programming relaxation equivalent to that of the classical set covering model."
"Compared with a pattern in which each standard is met exactly, there exist patterns of mixed substandard and superstandard performance on the individual dimensions of quality that are less costly to produce and higher in overall quality."
"I present causal evidence that a major e-commerce platform increases on-site exports from small sellers through integrating an existing administrative and logistic service."
"All deliveries from one stage to the next must be multiples of given batch sizes."
"On the policy side, we evaluate the effects of environmental standards on the economic and environmental consequences of green product development."
"This study fills this gap and estimates how announcements of firms’ reactions (yes versus no), timing (slow versus fast), and type (maintain/suspend versus no reaction) affect daily abnormal stock returns (ARs) following negative publicity."
"The model determines optimal speeds for the ships and the best routing of ballast (empty) legs, as well as which cargos to load on controlled ships and which to spot charter."
"Knowing only the general attributes of a new album, the meta-analytic approach proposed here provides an informed prior on the dynamics of duration, the effects of marketing variables, and the unknown market potential."
"A numerical example is given using a new prior distribution."
"Inducing group identity discourages sabotage among peers but increases in-group rivalry."
"In baseball, positional flexibility is the analogous concept to process flexibility from manufacturing."
"Further, partner innovativeness is positively associated with the financial gains for the larger firm, but partner reputation is unrelated to the financial gains of the smaller firm."
"failure"
"This study demonstrates robust decision making (RDM), an analytic method that helps design robust strategies through an iterative process that first suggests candidate robust strategies, identifies clusters of future states of the world to which they are vulnerable, and then evaluates the trade-offs in hedging against these vulnerabilities."
"Outcome-based pricing has been proposed as a way to reallocate the risks and improve both payer resource allocation and patient access to drugs."
"At this stage, demand is known."
"Comments about Gitlow, H. S. 1976."
"Recently, online matching platforms (e.g., Craigslist, FreeCycle, Gumtree) have enabled consumers to directly connect with each other to buy/sell used consumer goods (electronics, furniture, packaging, etc.)"
"The constrained dynamic operator staffing (CDOS) problem involves determining the number of permanent and temporary operators, and the threshold value(s) that minimize time-average hiring and opportunity costs subject to service-level constraints."
"A clique is taken as a maximal complete subgraph."
"Competition is modeled via a “coordinated successive Cournot” model in which firms choose production quantities for their downstream market so as to maximize profits, given prices for all inputs and all complementary products."
"Simulation and behavioral experiments are conducted which verify that the method is viable for problems with greater dimensionality."
"A model is developed that integrates capital investment decisions with output and pricing decisions for a situation of growing demand."
"Selected information from corporate annual reports was provided to a group of practicing financial analysts in a quasi-experimental setting."
"A fair division of five parcels of objects among five players when each player attaches different values to the parcels is outlined and computed, and the effect of coalitions is discussed."
"These relationships depend crucially on the function involved; those closer to the product (“product” functions, e.g., marketing and R&D) behave differently from functions further from the product (“administrative” functions, e.g., finance, law, and human resources)."
"1985."
"We are interested in the contracts the user company can use to induce the call center to both staff and exert effort at levels that are optimal for the outsourcing supply chain (i.e., chain coordination)."
"We reconsider the AHP in the light of the modern theory of measurement based on the so-called separable representations recently axiomatized in mathematical psychology."
"The portfolio rule of these tactical target date funds (TTDFs) is extremely simplified relative to the optimal one, making it easy to implement and to communicate to investors."
"have shown that under certain conditions the problem of selecting a coupon-principal schedule, when bidding on a new issue of municipal bonds with a level-debt-service constraint, is a linear programming problem."
"We demonstrate that the form of learning discussed in this paper is consistent with a somewhat general demand function."
"We also investigate how quality-improvement decisions interact with operational decisions such as the buyer’s order quantity and the supplier’s production lot size."
"The analysis, however, merits extension beyond the rather abbreviated treatment given in the article cited."
"It involves simulating the Markov chain under a new probability measure that emphasizes the most likely paths to the rare set."
"The economic benefits depend upon the extent to which unsatisfied passenger and cargo demand would be reduced, and on the unit economic costs of unsatisfied passenger and cargo demand."
"It is the contention of the General Systems Theorists that this optimum degree of generality in theory is not always reached by the particular sciences."
"We implement our approach at a quartz wristwatch manufacturer."
"They suggest information management strategies that lead to more accurate reputation information, more trust, and more efficient trade."
"In particular, we show that it is optimal to increase the density of distribution centers (DCs) when the shortage penalty cost increases, and to decrease the density of DCs when a certain unit transportation cost parameter increases."
"The approach presented in this paper accounts for this uncertainty by mapping the probability distribution of the installed capacity for any given distribution of the fuel prices."
"Books Received"
"We examine whether exogenous and extremely negative events, such as terrorist attacks and mass shootings, influence the sentiment and forecasts of sell-side equity analysts."
"A particular type of inventory model, a hydroelectric model, with a linear cost structure is studied."
"However, the hypothesis that an increase in perceived environmental uncertainty prompts the principal to award compensation contracts of smaller total expected value and a smaller proportion of performance-contingent pay was rejected."
"The firm may either enhance or dampen the quality information flow via increasing or decreasing initial sales."
"In particular, we show that when the government commits to a fixed policy, it encourages the supplier to produce more at the beginning of the horizon."
"In the public sector, both p-median and capacity constrained p-median problems are treated (In the p-median problem exactly p of n sites must be selected to provide service to all n. Each site has an associated weight, e.g., its population, and it is desired to minimize the weighted average distance between the n sites and their respective service sites."
"This paper analyzes a waiting line system that is motivated by the operations of border-crossing stations between the United States and Canada."
"Almost all jobs require a combination of cognitive effort and labor effort."
"In addition to the many journals published in the English language, we would like to provide coverage of journals printed in French, German, Spanish, Italian, Japanese, etc."
"The approach applies in principle to queues with exponential service."
"We investigate this choice and vary the amount of information asymmetry between stakeholders, the “penalty for failure” imposed upon project managers, and how challenging the initiative is for the firm."
"We include a discussion of how the cost parameters of this objective function can be obtained by considering a “characteristic curve” for the system."
"This paper presents an economic framework for measuring costs/benefits of search behavior which can help to resolve these questions."
"failure"
"This paper introduces a solution procedure for solving the project time/cost tradeoff problem of reducing a project duration at a minimum cost."
"In each stage, also, players have an opportunity to appropriate these gains or be trustworthy by sharing them."
"We compare the optimal pricing policy of the BLDM with the GBM and derive optimal pricing policies that are implied by the BLDM under various ranges of model parameters."
"We find that buyers pay less for homes with unlucky addresses and more for homes with lucky addresses."
"An extensive simulation experiment is conducted wherein random coefficients logit models with varying specifications of parameter heterogeneity, state dependence effects, and choice set heterogeneity are applied to 128 experimental conditions."
"The data analysis provides evidence for the technology usage–performance link after controlling for various external factors."
"For identification, we use an instrumental variable analysis, a pseudo-event analysis, and a propensity score-matching approach."
"failure"
"Results are robust across different estimation techniques (event study, Tobin's q) and model specifications."
"Shareholder democracy, by enabling outrage to constrain board actions, typically lowers firm value relative to either governance regimes that insulate boards from shareholder outrage or regimes that ban discretionary compensation altogether."
"The results of the experiment ratified the hypothesis that an increase in perceived agent effectiveness leads to award of compensation contracts of larger total expected value and a larger proportion of performance-contingent pay."
"This paper treats user involvement within the framework of a dyadic (two party) communication relationship between user and specialist."
"It is suggested that plant layout problems with flow dominance close to or greater than 200% should be solved by visual based methods rather than computer algorithms."
"1967."
"In this paper we explore the impact of information stickiness on the locus of innovation-related problem solving."
"These sensitivity estimates are useful in adjusting optimal parameters predicted by a simplified model to complexities that can be incorporated in a simulation."
"Technological developments combine previously distinct technologies that result in converging markets."
"We show that the generated bounds are asymptotically exact under several regimes."
"The adaptive distributionally robust optimization framework caters for dynamic decision making, where decisions adapt to the uncertain outcomes as they unfold in stages."
"This paper discusses the problems faced by the Solid Waste Management Office (formerly the Bureau of Solid Waste Management) in evaluating competing environmental health alternatives, given a set of decision criteria."
"Which model selection criteria should be used to identify these markets?"
"Aggregation arises because any ex post temptation to disaggregate and reveal particularly favorable news in one segment entails revealing unfavorable news in another segment."
"All were united in their belief in scientific foundation for the field of management."
"We further extend the analysis to batch ordering policies, non-Poisson demand processes, and multiple demand classes."
"In this paper, we provide a method for analyzing intentions data that explicitly models the discrepancy between reported intention and behavior, thus facilitating a less biased assessment of the impact of designated covariates on actual behavior."
"It is because of this gap that I believe TIMS is talking to itself."
"There are no theoretical quantitative models of sampling behavior other than the pioneering work of Jain et al. ("
"We also document temporary retaliation by major underwriters when reciprocity-pressured analysts deviate from such expected reciprocity."
"This paper explores the impact of investor flows and financial market conditions on returns in crude oil futures markets."
"The test consists of a natural experiment comparing the behavior and performance of establishments that leave a franchise, “lose their hierarchical managers,” with those that remain."
"A set of procedures is developed which set each project's due date when it arrives using information about the new project, current projects, and available resources."
"An extension of current algorithms is developed-and applied to a problem concerning public preferences for expenditures on civic projects in Houston, Texas."
"There is a class of stationary lot sizing problems to which this formula applies."
"The objective is to simulate the operations of a real business firm on a greatly contracted time scale for use in education and research."
"We adopt conditional value-at-risk (CVaR) as the performance measure and consider two alternative strategies to improve the system’s performance."
"In this note we consider the one-period inventory model in which it is required to determine the order quantity which maximizes the probability of realizing a predetermined level of profit R. We give a condition for determining the optimal order quantity and provide explicit expressions for the optimal order quantity in three special cases."
"The insight for management: Policy makers can encourage growth through less restrictive noncompete regulation and enforcement."
"The case of siting a liquified natural gas (LNG) facility in California illustrates the multi-party sequential nature of the process and the role that widely differing risk estimates play in fueling conflicts between stakeholders."
"Using an instrumental variables framework that distinguishes complementarity from unobserved firm-level factors, the evidence is consistent with the hypothesis that contracting complementarity is an important driver of vertical integration choices."
"This is achieved using a staffing policy, called “congestion-based staffing,” or CBS, where the number of servers (inspection booths) is adjusted according to the queue length during a planning period."
"$10.75;—Aigner, Dennis J., Principles of Statistical Decision Making."
"Drawing upon past work, a comprehensive, confirmatory measurement approach is presented that enables delineation of the organizational constructs of interest from potential sources of measurement error in multiple informant reports."
"John C. Harsanyi's rejoinder to comments and replies to Kadane, J. B., P. D. Larkey."
"E. F. Beach."
"The projection of the estimated pricing kernel onto a polynomial function of the market return produces puzzling behaviors, which can be observed in the pricing kernel and absolute risk aversion functions."
"Kadane and Larkey reject the use of these normative solution concepts."
"It is argued that O.R. should be approached as a continuum of effort, starting with basic research and leading up to implementation or development."
"If at the time of review the stock has fallen below a given level, L, a fixed quantity, Q, is ordered; otherwise no action is taken."
"We provide the first empirical evidence of the role that calibration committees play in subjective performance evaluation systems."
"The benefits of a help system accrue through cost efficiencies, increased probability of success under help, and intertemporal incentive effects that encourage early efforts."
"Case 3 assumes that the model is used by both competitors, and losses will be taken to insure a favorable market share for future profitability."
"VMI restores the competition between the manufacturers and benefits the retailer."
"From this distribution, approximate formulae for some queueing characteristics such as the delay probability and the mean queue length are derived."
"Based on the innovation and technological diffusion literatures, promising research questions concerning the implementation of a production and inventory control information system (material requirements planning: MRP) are identified and empirically examined."
"An algorithm is given for computing the serial correlations of the waiting time, and of the time in system, for successive customers in a GI/G/1 queue."
"D.-holding entrepreneurs on the founding team have a higher probability of adopting an open science policy."
"Two of the four new bounds are shown to dominate the EEI bound."
"The economical usage rate of all materials is a function of numerous variables, among which the market price of some materials, notably of various grades of steel scrap, fluctuates and therefore requires a periodic determination of the economical usage rate."
"2003 Winter Simulation Conf."
"A new approach brings out the basic principle involved and leads to a surprisingly simple solution."
"Qualitative and quantitative comparisons with existing suboptimal algorithms are presented."
"Institutional features and other phases of the OR studies are brought in only as required."
"The purpose of the present study was to investigate if items can be meaningfully grouped on an empirical basis as a first step toward the use of subscales and profiles."
"Online retail reduces the costs of obtaining information about a product’s price and availability and of flexibly timing a purchase."
"Many online content providers aim to compensate for a loss in advertising revenues by charging consumers for access to content."
"We demonstrate how clients’ opinions of adviser quality can be manipulated by using an easily replicated confirmation strategy that depends on the quality of the advice and the difficulty and order of the advice topics."
"Consider the linear complementarity problem given in the system:  where, W, Z and q are vectors of dimension n. M is a matrix of order n × n and ZT is the transpose of Z. Any (Z, W) satisfying (1), (2), and (3) is a complementary feasible solution to system (I).In the literature, a class of matrices is defined such that if M belongs to this class, then existence of a feasible solution to system (I) implies the existence of a complementary feasible solution to system (I) with W = 0."
"The procedure of “adaptive” or “exponential” forecasting is based on weighted averages of two sources of evidence; one is the latest evidence (the most recent observation), the other the value computed one period before."
"We show that the proposed contract can moderate the supplier’s motivation to underproduce, and due to the structure of the contract and the form of the supplier’s optimal strategy, also limits the customer’s incentive to overforecast."
"This pattern suggests more advice taking than generally suspected."
"Individual vs. Aggregate Preferences: The Case of a Small Fish in a Big Pond (p. 470)Douglas W. Blackburn, Andrey D. UkhovAggregate preferences determine the price of risk, yet individual biases characterize deviations from rational financial models."
"We solve a sample average version of the problem, where the service levels are expressed as functions of the staffing for a fixed sequence of random numbers driving the simulation."
"We consider a buyer who repeatedly demands a certain good and is unable to commit to long-term contracts."
"Furthermore, the effect differs by the type of competitor."
"This paper concludes with a discussion of the theoretical and managerial implications."
"The service time for a single item at station j is assumed to be a random variable with a probability distribution peculiar to that station."
"In this paper, a multi-stage lot-sizing problem is formulated under a specified component lot-splitting policy for the case of noninstantaneous production of items and constant demand for the end item."
"The author suggests that firm experience prior to setting up a new venture influences the ability to learn from experience after start-up, and that this relationship is moderated by the importance of learning by doing within the new venture's industry."
"Experimental tests of expected-utility theory (EU) have accumulated empirical observations in which the predictions of EU are systematically violated."
"Given a total income of A dollars, the problem of interest is to determine how much money we should invest in each component so as to maximize the probability of attaining a functioning system."
"We consider a model of two supply chains each consisting of one manufacturer selling to one retailer, with the retailers engaging in Cournot or Bertrand competition."
"The central contribution of this paper is the characterization of a class of pooling equilibria in which low-quality sellers deceive a buyer who is Bayes-rational and makes a purchase decision on the basis of the available information."
"We find that post-AIPA U.S. patent applications are significantly more likely to be licensed before patent grant and shortly after 18-month publication."
"Data envelopment analysis (DEA) is a method for assessing the comparative efficiencies of decision making units (e.g., banks and schools) by relating their output to their input levels."
"The model represents a stochastic game in which countries are grouped into two players, where each player in the game chooses its individual policies to maximize expected social welfare."
"We investigate whether incentive schemes signal social norms and thus affect behavior beyond their direct economic consequences."
"Since these conditions seldom obtain in the real world, it seems reasonable to examine the sensitivity of the risk/return performance of a zero-base strategy with respect to deviations from the conditions for which that strategy is optimal."
"The paper shows that rational models intersect in a fundamental way with the value logics of the people affected."
"In addition, we investigate the impact of discharge decisions on the measures that represent the quality of care at a facility such as average hospital stays, system accessibility, and average complication risk of discharged patients."
"In particular, we empirically examine the trade-off between the benefits of buying online and the benefits of buying in a local retail store."
"Using previously identified firm characteristics, we find that most of the negative returns to uncertain firms in months following high-sentiment periods fall within the three-day window around the issuance of management earnings guidance."
"The transition probabilities represent whether households will continue to use the same heating unit which they have used in the recent past or switch to another type unit."
"The insight for management: CRM outsourcing is more beneficial for firms with high information technology capabilities and lower marketing capabilities."
"Numerical studies demonstrate that our approach outperforms simulation."
"We conclude that major criteria of effectiveness change in predictable ways as organizations develop through their life cycles."
"However, we find that teams of academic scientists whose former collaborators include “star” serial entrepreneurs are much more likely to commercialize their own discoveries via startups, as are more interdisciplinary teams of scientists."
"For systems with scarce capacity, we show that the revenue-maximizing dynamic pricing policy and the market-clearing price are both asymptotically optimal for welfare."
"Six methods for collecting the judgments of experts concerning the relative value of sets of criteria were compared for their reliability and time efficiency."
"This can either reduce the number of setups needed or enable setups concurrent with production."
"A Monte Carlo simulation and an assessment of the quality of the segments obtained from the empirical application support the value of the proposed spatially dependent segmentation method."
"In particular, a player wants to maximize the payoff level he can achieve with a specified confidence."
"Third, the program must respect participants' autonomy and weigh that autonomy against the broader goal of maximizing their overall welfare."
"Interestingly, negotiators in the observation group showed the largest increase in performance, but the least ability to articulate the learning principles that helped them improve, suggesting that they had acquired tacit knowledge that they were unable to articulate."
"To examine the sources of TFP growth, the productivity analysis is augmented by survey evidence from businesses who license-in university inventions."
"We study direct shipping policies, i.e., policies in which each retailer is served independently."
"In the first three competitions, it was observed that the simpler organizational structure served more adequately than the more complex hierarchy that was designed for the problem."
"For the market leader (followers), product line reaction elasticity is higher (lower) than product line anticipation elasticity."
"Using this model, we concurrently solve and examine the dual optimization problem for the suppliers and the producer."
"An alternative scheme, using evolutionary spectra is proposed."
"Inspired by self-replicating three-dimensional printers and innovative agricultural and husbandry goods, we study optimal production and sales policies for a manufacturer of self-replicating innovative goods with a focus on the unique “keep-or-sell” trade-off—namely, whether a newly produced unit should be sold to satisfy demand and stimulate future demand or added to inventory to increase production capacity."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2945.This paper was accepted by Olav Sorenson, organizations."
"We characterize the distribution of IRI and show, using hierarchical linear modeling (HLM), that 26.4% of the total variance in IRI lies between product categories and that 2.7% lies between stores."
"This has led to an average reduction in makespan by more than 13% and has greatly exceeded expectations."
"The context of the cosmetic industry is used in this empirical application."
"Finally, we apply the RSB approach to study a queueing system’s staffing problem using synthetic data and an appointment-scheduling problem using real data from a large hospital in China."
"The vicissitudes of the problem are elaborated and background material given for the understanding of the issues involved."
"When the supplier postpones building capacity and screening the manufacturer's private information, the supplier and the manufacturer can obtain more information and update their forecasts."
"Two possible ways of deriving the distribution of z are known as direct and indirect methods."
"We investigate the performance of the STDP method by means of a Monte Carlo simulation study and compare it with other existing perturbation methods."
"Our results show that the oath reduces lying, especially in the loaded environment—falsehoods are reduced by 50%."
"We develop a decentralized multiarmed bandit framework where a forward-looking principal (the platform designer) commits up front to a policy that dynamically discloses information regarding the history of outcomes to a series of short-lived rational agents (the consumers)."
"$6.50—reviewed by Morton Klein."
"1985."
"The conditional short-run and long-run components are found to be positively and negatively related to expected stock returns, respectively."
"The comparisons call for the necessity of a new policy for reorder point-triggered random output multi-item systems."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Co., 1970, 773 pp.,"
"However, it isn't necessarily for the good of its customers; the same systems are then slower to offer new products enabled by the upgrade."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1957."
"4 (1980), pp."
"This, however, is not a realistic assumption for business and economic series."
"We find that, on average, focus has a positive effect on quality performance."
"I hope that the various comments in this month's column will excite the reader's imagination, stimulating him to contribute either to this column or to the Journal."
"The researcher and the manager: A dialectic of implementation."
"Finding optimal line balances with OptPack."
"Decision makers can often improve the accuracy of their judgments on factual matters by consulting “crowds” of others for their respective opinions."
"Our results offer insights for future empirical and theoretical research on matching markets."
"We examine the role of teamwork within the top executive teams in generating management forecasts."
"The MOEs constructed here have at least four important uses."
"Additionally, simulation results in relevant settings where uniform subsidies are not optimal suggest that they induce a nearly optimal market consumption."
"$6.50—reviewed by Chris Argyris."
"The subject of this paper is a classification and discussion of algorithms for solution of nonlinear pure integer programming problems."
"We find that the ESR initiator tends to delegate ESR negotiations to a supplier that is strong in negotiations with higher-tier suppliers."
"A manufacturing facility produces multiple products in a make-to-stock manner, and unsatisfied demand is backordered."
"This finding holds even after controlling for contemporaneous market share, suggesting it is not simply the result of increased market power leading to the acquisition of online banking customers."
"The management scientist has done little to change this."
"This paper documents the increasing importance of software for successful innovation in manufacturing sectors well beyond the traditional definition of electronics and information technology."
"The insight for management: Careful use and distribution of intellectual property rights can encourage varying levels of participation in complementary product development."
"That result motivates heuristics when multiple alternatives have unknown rewards."
"However, awareness formation models in the marketing literature ignore the role of competition."
"In the second part of the paper a correct form of Haar's theorem is stated and proved."
"In particular, we show across several model extensions that the voluntary adoption of the social login may yield a prisoner’s dilemma outcome for the CPs."
"Specifically, when customers’ preferred products are more likely to stock out, the seller could entice more incoming consumers who hope that their desired products are in stock by withholding product composition but disclosing the aggregate inventory level."
"This communication reports microcomputer computational experience with OptPack on Hoffmann's data sets following the pattern of Johnson (Johnson, Roger V. 1993a."
"Modigliani and Hohn [Modigliani, F., F. E. Hohn."
"Surprisingly, based on data from manufacturers in the medical device industry over that four-year period, the authors find that, at an aggregate level, the market penalties for medical device recalls are not as severe as one might expect."
"We consider a rental firm with two types of customers."
"Frederick F. Stephan and Philip J. McCarthy."
"This paper analyzes the relationship between technology licensing and the effectiveness of patent protection."
"SIAM Rev.9 165–177.]."
"Furthermore, we discuss the value of quick response (the ability to procure additional inventory after obtaining updated demand information, albeit at a higher unit cost than the initial order)."
"The optimal policy has two critical levels, and there is a range of stock levels for which the quantity ordered equals the contract volume."
"Collectively, our evidence suggests that economic conditions shape the types of financial advisors who are ultimately available in the profession."
"The model therefore predicts heterogeneity in gambling behavior: how a gambler behaves depends on whether he is aware of the time inconsistency; and, if he is aware of it, on whether he can commit in advance to his initial plan of action."
"The approach taken to obtain the optimal solution to the infinite-horizon problem is to solve first a finite-horizon problem that includes a valuation of terminal capital stocks."
"A review of relevant psychological literature reveals two key findings:(1) Forgetting may be negligible for “continuous control” tasks but considerable for “procedural” tasks."
"We find that the MP for computer capital is at least as large as the marginal product of other types of capital investment and that, dollar for dollar, IS labor spending generates at least as much output as spending on non-IS labor and expenses."
"Recent years have seen the growth in popularity of neural networks for business decision support because of their capabilities for modeling, estimating, and classifying."
"The work of R. T. Rockafellar [Rockafellar, R. T. 1967."
"1976."
"This formalizes the perception of R&D managers that the R&D decision of one firm should depend on the R&D decision of its rivals for competitive reasons."
"Whether or not a radically different structure, without a hierarchy, worked well, depended upon the extent the real-life managers operating the organization had been indoctrinated sufficiently into the rationale behind the innovation and had accepted it as desirable."
"These policies do not consider the workload imposed on firefighters, and do not work well at the high alarm rates now characteristic of parts of large cities."
"Wiley, 429–452.],"
"Despite the recent growth in influencer marketing, the problem of network seeding (i.e., identification of influencers to optimally post a firm’s message or advertisement) neither has been rigorously studied in the academic literature nor has been carefully addressed in practice."
"The authors examine a large sample of consummated and failed listings from the largest online P2P lending marketplace, Prosper.com, and find that the online friendships of borrowers act as signals of credit quality."
"This paper attempts the solution of a practical problem."
"The Bass Model (BM) has an excellent track record in the realm of new product sales forecasting."
"The procedure entails four steps: Comparison of good and bad accounts in the search for characteristics that are associated with bad accounts;Calculation of bad account probabilities for discriminating characteristics;Development of a risk index from bad account probabilities to be used in grading accounts;Evaluation of the risk index."
"Several organizations have developed ongoing crowdsourcing communities that repeatedly collect ideas for new products and services from a large, dispersed “crowd” of nonexperts (consumers) over time."
"If the estimates of two judges ever fall on different sides of the truth, which we term bracketing, averaging must outperform the average judge for convex loss functions, such as mean absolute deviation (MAD)."
"To make this potential a reality, businesses must focus on the values of their customers."
"The NED is internally consistent and distinct from scales and measures of intelligence, cognitive ability, cognitive reflection, general decision-making ability, preference for control, and attributional style."
"The optimality of (S, s) policies in the dynamic inventory problem."
"A company that faces high project rewards after delays and highly effective help can benefit from inducing help because doing so enables the pursuit of projects it might abandon if delayed or even at the outset."
"We quantify two factors that shape service designs: the type of steps ((i) routine steps, where effort increases the functional benefit and decreases the experience variability, and (ii) nonroutine steps, where effort increases the functional benefit at the expense of higher variability) and a holistic coupling factor (at each step, the design is determined not only by experience realizations at predecessor steps but also by how it can shape subsequent experiences)."
"The primary purpose of the forecast system is to alert blood center management to the short-term inventory level of blood supplies so that they can take corrective notion to either reduce or increase blood collections."
"For example, bidders pool with other types to prevent an opponent from learning significantly more often under a Complete Information Revelation Policy."
"Our detailed analysis of securities lending market data confirms that these IPOs experience severe short-sales constraints that peak around the lockup expiration."
"Time compression diseconomies are derived from a micromodel of resource development with diminishing returns to effort."
"We find that success in basketball carries over more from the past than in football with additional contemporaneous marginal effects for established schools."
"Recent work has shown that meta-predictions—a forecast of the average forecasts of others—can be used to correct for biases even when no external information, such as forecasters’ past performance, is available."
"A note on optimal advertising strategies."
"Both situations are modelled as coalitional games, and game theoretic techniques are used to tackle the problems."
"Multiple sourcing, in particular dual sourcing, is a likely way of dealing with the increased risks faced by buyers."
"Management Sci.41(4) 577–594) initiated a stream of research on supply chain flexibility, which was furthered by Graves and Tomlin (Graves, S. C., B. T. Tomlin."
"This utility model considers the intrinsic value of the product and its attributes, the disutility from waiting, and the cognitive costs associated with evaluating the offers retrieved."
"We consider a finite-state, finite-action, infinite-horizon, discounted reward Markov decision process and study the bias and variance in the value function estimates that result from empirical estimates of the model parameters."
"The translation of ideas from practitioner's lore or administrative theory into behavioral terms amenable to measurement, however, raises a host of conceptual and methodological questions."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, operations management."
"Our analysis also explains why wholesale prices and thus final-goods prices would be expected to decrease when there is an increase in upstream or downstream competition."
"Both discrete and continuous formulations are considered, the appropriate one to choose depending on the number of states one wishes to cater for, the continuous formulation having certain advantages which the discrete case does not have when a very large number of states are to be differentiated."
"Importantly, however, such influences depend on the contract form that is used for a particular transaction—they are significant in output-based contracts but nonsignificant in input-based contracts."
"The other models are nonlinear programming problems, two of which are computationally tractable."
"We design a series of online performance feedback interventions that aim to motivate the production of user-generated content (UGC)."
"One charges a uniform fee for all trades and the other, marginal cost–based structure a reduced fee for internalized trades (which, both traders being from the same broker, is less costly to process)."
"To tackle these challenges, we design two types of data-driven pricing and ordering (DDPO) policies for the cases of nonparametric and parametric noise distributions."
"This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"Cluster analysis: an application of Lagrangian relaxation."
"For a changing environment, historical information, (i.e., a past solution) is generally inferior to a combination of less precise information on current transfer prices, reasonable rules of thumb, and capacity constraints."
"This paper studies the strategies employed by Catholic and Protestant nonprofit hospitals in Germany and traces them back to the theological foundations of those religions."
"Home healthcare is a rapidly growing area of the health sector in the United States."
"Oper."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"There are, however, some differences."
"In three studies incorporating responses from over 2,300 individuals, we present tests of the scale’s reliability and validity."
"When solved by a state-of-the-art IP solver on problem instances with a small number of shifts, the approach yields comparable solution times to other approaches, but, with a large number of shifts, the proposed formulation shows superior performance and can model a wider variety of constraints."
"One could construct a contract based on “effort” put into the promotions such as ad dollars, or “outcomes” of the promotion such as the number of Happy Meals sold."
"10/(U.K.) (paper);—Moore, P. G. and Hodges, S. D. (Editors), Programming for Optimal Decisions, Selected Readings in Mathematical Programming Techniques for Management Problems."
"This search interval should shrink as congestion intensifies and as the number of performed tests increases if additional conditions hold."
"An important business strategy research theme concerns finding ways to minimize competition faced by the firm."
"Our findings suggest the importance of considering genetic factors in explanations for why people engage in entrepreneurial activity."
"The framework allows such initiatives to impact inventory management and revenue-enhancing measures that, in turn, increase manufacturer profit margins, or affect profit margins directly."
"We then give tractable formulations for such decision-making problems."
"We conduct a cost–benefit analysis that suggests that the cost of investing in additional home health capacity is outweighed by the cost savings arising from fewer hospitalizations."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"These properties suggest some computational techniques which should be helpful in the analysis of systems described by the three models."
"It is known that the optimal type of control policy is a control limit policy: service should begin if and only if the number of waiting customers is at least as large as some control limit."
"Our findings are consistent with the argument that prior outcomes affect subsequent risk taking through a relationship that is sensitive to the model parameters (i.e., expected return, trading period, and curvature of the value function), because prospect theory can predict both increased and decreased levels of subsequent risk taking."
"Our application is meant for insurance claims fraud, but it can be applied to many other activities that use the scoring approach."
"I. New York: Academic Press, 1968, 291 pp.,"
"By applying the TCA mechanism to a simple wholesale price contract, the manufacturer can achieve the effect of free, partial information revelation as if he observes a coarse version of the retailer’s private forecast."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"Each time one of the retailers in a given region receives a delivery, this delivery is made by a vehicle who visits all other outlets in the region as well (in an efficient route).We describe a class of low complexity heuristics and show under mild probabilistic assumptions that the generated solutions are asymptotically optimal (within the above class of strategies)."
"The Holt, Modigliani, Muth, and Simon production scheduling model is extended to incorporate variables reflecting marketing and working capital management in a cash flow formulation."
"In the first problem are discussed the shortest path between two specified nodes; the shortest distance matrix; as well as the special case of directed acyclic networks."
"Once organizations begin production, however, they do not appear to benefit from learning in other organizations."
"The experiment involved playing a series of games under the twin conditions of (1) uncertainty and (2) dialectical advice."
"In this paper, the problem of scheduling with nonlinear loss functions is attacked."
"An overall procedure for structuring the model is outlined, a branch-and-bound algorithm for solving the multiplicative model is developed, and a numerical example is presented."
"Book Reviews—Administrative Theory in Education."
"Techniques for generating control variables are described."
"Structural properties of the neighborhood are used to guide the search in promising directions."
"An important question to be answered in such problems is: What is the expected value of the maximum profit?"
"Bivariate analyses suggest that innovation patterns are distinctly different for Type I firms (user initiated and related foreign products locally available) and Type IV firms (innovator initiated and no related foreign products locally available)."
"In Part I of this paper, we develop several principles on the benefits of process flexibility."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"failure"
"failure"
"The measure is ∏(M*), the maximal probability over all groupings or sets of products (M) that there will be unfilled demand for a set of products while simultaneously there is excess capacity at plants building other products."
"The insight for management: Don't surrender to pirates; quality improvements may be a way to thwart their efforts."
"We show that this problem is APX-hard even when all item prices are uniform, meaning that, unless P = NP, it is not possible to obtain an approximation better than a particular constant."
"Participating insiders' sales systematically follow positive and precede negative firm performance, generating abnormal forward-looking returns larger than those earned by nonparticipating colleagues."
"When considering decentralized channels, we find that ceteris paribus, the agent, who is closer to the customer (i.e., the retailer), is the most effective undertaker of product collection activity for the manufacturer."
"In Model 1, no state information is provided, so that if N ≥ s, the customer balks with probability β; if the customer enters the system, he reneges after an exponentially distributed time with mean α−1 if he has not begun service by that time."
"Third, we illustrate that, contrary to results reported in existing literature on strategic consumer behavior, in settings where social learning is significantly influential, preannounced pricing policies are generally not beneficial for the firm."
"In this paper, we study the impact of coordinated replenishment and shipment in inventory/distribution systems."
"This duality subsumes duality results of Chadha [Chadha, S. S. 1971."
"One organizational research methodology has multiple individuals within each firm act as informants and report their perceptions of these constructs."
"Recent studies document the increasing effectiveness of shareholder voting as a monitoring mechanism."
"The possibility of such opportunism thus limits the effectiveness of contractual incentives."
"We find that revenue sharing is equivalent to buybacks in the newsvendor case and equivalent to price discounts in the price-setting newsvendor case."
"When a government agency considers tightening a standard on a pollutant, the agency often takes into account the proportion of firms that are able to meet the new standard (what we refer to as the industry’s “voluntary adoption level”) because a higher proportion indicates a more feasible standard."
"These results are important because they provide useful guidelines as to when to embark into the much more difficult task of finding cost-effective routes."
"The insight for management: In some market structures, simpler contracts are sufficient for a supplier designing contracts when decision biases are taken into account."
"Various measures of decision quality were recorded."
"The value of a collateralized loan subject to default is obtained using a dynamic programming approach."
"The theory of networks and management science."
"We model the call center as a G/G/s queue with customer abandonment."
"Such differences arise from the equities of risk distribution, the multiple stakeholders in the decision process, the opportunities for risk diversification, the interpretation of social values relating to risk choices, and in the political objectives in the decision process."
"System development efforts can be viewed as multi-stage processes."
"We present an efficient heuristic to solve the problem, which was motivated by key results for a special case of the problem without congestion effects that can be solved optimally."
"The authors use a data set consisting of the body mass index of children up to age 18 and another data set containing the body mass index at ages 18 and 40 with the presence or absence of hypertension and diabetes to formulate the optimal biennial obesity screening thresholds from a societal viewpoint."
"In comparing two commonly used mechanisms, we find no significant difference between the performance of the direct probability-report form and the indirect security-trading form of the market scoring rule."
"The model also allows for policy experiments."
"During the rest of the year, manufacturers of style goods build up the inventory while continuously reestimating the demand in the final selling season."
"This formulation is based on the generalized upper bound (GUB) cover inequalities introduced by Wolsey [Wolsey L (1990) Valid inequalities for 0-1 knapsacks and mips with generalised upper bound constraints."
"Specific expressions for all the cost expressions are found for the case of (1) Poisson demands and fixed lead times, and (2) Poisson demands and gamma lead times."
"This paper proposes to look at “Management Science” from the point of view of the Manager."
"Notably, the model generates several empirical predictions not apparent in past research and several that directly conflict with the results of prominent alternative models of industry dynamics."
"We find that patent citations reflect the codified knowledge flows from public research, but they appear to miss knowledge flows that are more private and contract based in nature, as well as those used in firm basic research."
"In other words, as long as the residual income measures are judiciously constructed, neither private information nor the requirement to selectively exercise an option derails their use in this setting."
"Similar results emerge in a follow-up experiment where the uncertain deposits are replaced by risky versions."
"We find that some key conclusions from those market structures do not apply in our setting, where multiple manufacturers sell through a single retailer."
"It specializes to give primal algorithms for the assignment and transportation problems."
"Firms focusing research resources on process innovation perform poorly, although process research complements product research among the effective innovators."
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"79, No."
"We derive optimal investment strategies for the cases where the return from investment is a convex or concave function, we present closed form solutions for commonly adopted return functions, and we evaluate how the optimal investment behavior should change when changes occur in the environment, or the underlying probability distributions."
"Three hypotheses are presented and the results of their testing in the experiment are discussed."
"While holding the expected value of payouts constant, participants preferred immediate gains and losses if the future was uncertain, and preferred future gains and losses if the present was uncertain."
"In contrast, we find significant and persistent increases in physical activity for those assigned (oftentimes against their preference) to the same gain-loss incentives."
"The problem studied is that of how to allocate a fixed amount of some resource among various activities where, after a period of time, unused portions of the resource lose their value."
"A generalized upper bounding method for doubly coupled linear programs."
"This local matching bias is widespread and exists even among the largest U.S. firms."
"It is argued that existing research has mapped only a portion of the domain of leadership phenomena due to a concentration on relatively few leadership constructs and because of the popularity of a limited set of empirical methodologies."
"Since that set was solved in such a very short time, more challenging as well as more typical problems are explored and timing results presented."
"In this paper, we present a contrasting view of the manufacturing-marketing interface."
"The first is an attempt to describe characteristics common to many system simulations; the second is a discussion of some problems involved in the construction of a digital simulator; and the third concerns problems that arise in the use of such a simulator."
"Based on observations from managers visiting Japan, the project was enlarged to also assess which factors in a production environment have the biggest impact on performance—regardless of the system in use."
"Evidence available to both outsiders (from the prediction market forecasts) and insiders (through the orders in Google's auction) predicted similar degrees of underpricing."
"System Sci.1 213–226.]."
"The discussion of the fundamental p-center and p-median problems in Part I of this paper provides the basis for the work surveyed in Part II."
"Using simulations, we examine how popular choices in costing system design influence the error in reported costs."
"However, low-expertise managers cannot do so because their lower levels of knowledge, experience, and domain expertise prevent them from having sufficient personal influence to persuade other professionals to cooperate."
"The researcher and the manager: A dialectic of implementation."
"When an underwriting syndicate submits a bid for a new issue of municipal bonds, one of the important decisions that it must make involves the scheduling of interest coupons to be placed on the bonds."
"failure"
"A variety of other applications is considered, including learning curves, core competencies, demand synergies, systems competition, compatibility, bundling, network effects, switching costs, durable goods, long-term contracts."
"The data on which the solution depends are the average demand per day (say), the carrying cost per unit and day, the fixed and per unit costs of ordering, the penalty per day of shortage, and the delivery lag."
"We show that the additional capacity needed to buffer against vehicle roaming can be substantial even in systems with vanishingly small demand."
"However, every player will know the “basic probability distribution” governing the lottery."
"Consequently, consumers can strategically time their purchases, weighing the costs of monitoring and the risk of inventory depletion against prospectively lower prices."
"The network externality exists because consumers have an incentive to economize on post-purchase learning and customization costs."
"The analysis suggests that the theories vary in their degree of applicability to the Chinese context."
"The Institute of Management Sciences Report of the Fifth Annual International Meeting, held on October 16–18, 1958, in Philadelphia."
"The process seeks to develop a system design on the basis of a criterion which considers both technical cost-benefit considerations and the manager's perception of the potential utility of the system."
"However, if neither choice is clearly dominant, a decision maker chooses in a probabilistic manner."
"Because people seem unaware that they are distorting information, at least at the moment this bias is occurring, they are fully convinced of the soundness of their choices."
"One way to overcome this bottleneck is to induce expert system rules from sample data."
"Results are related to earlier empirical observations."
"failure"
"MORE is capable of preserving important nonmonotonic relationships among attributes, such as the inverted-U relationship between competition and innovation."
"The models covered in this update are organized under six headings: models with capital stocks generated by advertising, price, and quality, sales-advertising response models, cumulative sales models for durable goods, models with more than one state variables in the advertising process, models incorporating interaction with other functional areas, and competitive models."
"The data are annual over the period 1960–1987."
"Advances in medical testing and widespread access to the internet have made it easier than ever to obtain information."
"Then we apply the line reversibility property to obtain an alternative optimal allocation symmetric for any optimal workload allocation that is asymmetric."
"We show that a modified version of Nash’s symmetry axiom leads to the Utilitarian solution and that a reciprocity axiom leads to the equal-gain (equal-sacrifice) solution, both of which are perspective invariant."
"Various constraints on the clustering are considered which reflect both the physical structures of local networks, such as the connectivity requirement, and the node compatibility relations such as community of interest or policy."
"We leverage both internal data and public data harvested from IMDb, Rotten Tomatoes, and Google to prescribe operational decisions that outperform baseline measures."
"Short delivery time and the efficient management of component inventories are two crucial elements that determine the competitiveness of many contract assembly manufacturers, especially in the electronics industry."
"Our life-course analysis identifies labor market matching as a major determinant: nonentrepreneurial types choose public sector employment."
"We contrast this result with physical good markets where market size does not play any role in quality provision."
"The “Lightning Bolt” (LB) model provides a comprehensive framework for accommodating the effects of habit persistence, unobserved heterogeneity, and state dependence on household brand choice behavior."
"Where computers excel."
"Such an unstructured problem is costly to specify, poses credibility issues for the focal firm, and requires finely tuned awards for meeting the firm's needs."
"Our inferences are robust when we control for observed systematic heterogeneity in the original studies and hold in a bootstrapping analysis."
"When these value dimensions are juxtaposed, a spatial model emerges."
"The model provides a practical guide to management in the entire process of project search, portfolio generation, and portfolio evaluation which characterizes the capital budgeting decision."
"We develop a queueing-game-theoretic model that captures the interaction among customers, the line-sitting firm, and the service provider to examine the impact of line-sitting on the service provider’s revenue and customer welfare."
"Cumulative prospect theory introduced the weighting of probabilities as an additional component to capture risk attitudes."
"Management can opt to send a full set of proxy materials to all shareholders, which increases retail turnout but also increases printing and mailing costs, or they can send a notice directing shareholders to proxy materials available online, which reduces costs but also decreases retail turnout."
"These linear functions may have some components (coefficients and variables) which are random. ("
"$8.75—reviewed by Wolfgang F. Stolper."
"We also document evidence that the change-based disagreement measure predicts future cross-sectional returns significantly only when changes in the mean forecasts are negative."
"We suggest that costly prosocial behaviors serve as a signal of prosocial identity and that people subsequently behave in line with that self-perception."
"Therefore, financialization’s effect on spot price dynamics through storage arbitrage is likely modest, even if futures positions and risk premia are substantially altered."
"When only one channel member learns the other's behavior, both channel members obtain greater profits than when neither member learns, and both channel members obtain less profits than when both members learn."
"Either zero-order or linear decision rules are allowed for the continuous variables, and a general method of making “second-stage decisions” with either continuous or 0-1 variables is developed."
"Certain sets of numbers {ain}, i = 0,…, n, n = 1, 2,…, are known characterize an optimal sequential assignment policy."
"This paper consists of three sections."
"Seven heuristic algorithms are discussed."
"However, such “big brother” tactics have heightened consumers' privacy concerns."
"Due in part to the advent of new cable TV channels, the competition for viewer ratings has intensified substantially in recent years, and the revenues of the major networks have not kept pace with the costs of the programs."
"Information systems lower governance costs by facilitating more targeted interventions."
"In addition, an illustrative analysis examining the magnitude and direction of measurement error bias suggests that measuring knowledge flows with patent citations can lead to substantial underestimation of the effect of public research on firms' innovative performance."
"To alleviate the suspicions and convince consumers of their value, the firm may design its personalization scheme to include a list price in addition to the personalized prices."
"The choice of an information system affects the level of managerial slack that is generated during project implementation."
"Option-intensive firms identified using our idiosyncratic volatility-based measure earn a lower premium than do firms that rely more heavily on assets in place."
"A firm hires an agent (e.g., a store manager) to undertake both operational and marketing tasks."
"Given the requirements of the marketplace, bond market professionals presently employ trial-and-error techniques in an attempt to determine the admissible coupon and maturity schedule which will lead to the lowest possible net interest cost."
"Previous results on nonlinear risk-return associations, predicted by prospect theory, are replicated with mean quadratic differences instead of variance as a measure of risk."
"Under low levels of heterogeneity along the unobservable attributes, however, our results are consistent with past research which argues for quality differentiation."
"The patrolling repairman problem serves as an example of the ambiguity and inconsistency in the use of fixed time and next-event classification."
"Maximization of system reliability is a special case of this criterion which ignores the financial costs of maintenance actions."
"This paper was accepted by Charles Corbett, operations management."
"There are two important attributes to consider in the design of an allocation policy: the degree to which the allocation policy effectively utilizes the servers’ capacities and the strength of the incentives the allocation policy provides for the servers to work quickly."
"Exogenous demand for product is assumed to be deterministic, at a constant rate, and to occur only at “retail” facilities of the networks."
"The rules lead to increased returns."
"We then characterize the jointly optimal commitment and production strategy for the supplier and extend the results to consider a capacity constraint."
"$6.50—reviewed by Martin K. Starr."
"Conversely, unless compliance is highly valued by consumers, a firm with low quality does not draw testing from competitors, and so does not comply."
"This note shows how basic reference lottery tickets can be used to develop scoring rules which do not require this information."
"The response exceeds that predicted by the change in probability of winning and is in part driven by women being more willing to compete against other women."
"Problems with extremely tightly binding capacity constraints were much more difficult to solve than anticipated."
"On the other hand, the various model parameters can have different learning rates in real-world problems, especially with skewed data."
"This paper proposes using nonlinear mixed-integer programming to solve the customized bundle-pricing problem in which consumers are allowed to choose up to N goods out of a larger pool of J goods."
"I find that firms’ decisions to disclose pending lawsuits and the amount of disclosed information (i.e., the level of disclosure) have opposite effects."
"Our analysis also has implications for the design and management of firms’ internal whistleblowing channels."
"The model is in the form of an approximation that is based upon several parameters, which reflect the particular queueing system under consideration."
"We characterize the suppliers’ symmetric equilibrium bidding strategy for both formats and find that the two formats yield the same expected buyer’s cost."
"In contrast to other work in this field, stress is placed on user evaluation of the library's resources."
"If by chance most people come to dislike alternative A, they are all unlikely to sample it again and their opinions of A remain the same."
"It seeks to help remove the inhibitions which some managers still have about computer assistance for top management decision-making problems."
"Editorial notes about advertising and sales promotion with an invitation to the readership to share their experiences in the area of sales promotion effectiveness."
"An optimal recall price and an optimal discount-fare booking limit for the two-period problem are obtained."
"Empirically, higher volatility of electricity prices leads to an increase in cash holdings, and this effect is robust to instrumenting for price risk using weather volatility."
"Consideration is given to the use of BAO probabilities as approximations to SR probabilities for series systems."
"Further, we find that a firm that invests in flexibility benefits from a low correlation between demands for two products, but the extent of this benefit differs depending on the competitor’s technology choice."
"To address this issue, we propose a general class of integer programming approximations."
"This paper uses a consumer-based approach to distinguish between process and product innovation using a model based on choice theory."
"Our empirical analysis discovers the effects of collective influence of multiple influencers and finds two important parameters to be included in the models, namely, multiple exposure effect and forgetting effect."
"One possible explanation is that they turn to services to generate additional profits when their product industries mature and product revenues and profits decline."
"The new criterion requites the same amount of information and computation but generates a stronger lower bound."
"Three information scenarios are considered, depending on the level of information available: echelon, local, and quasilocal."
"Product choice models thus need to scale to large product assortments and customer bases, without extensive product attribute information."
"Learning cost is formulated as a function of the length of task to be learned, other variables being fixed."
"In Ohio, as well as several other states, annual unemployment compensation payments paid by a corporation can be minimized by solving a set partitioning problem which has all possible nonzero binary columns."
"First, simple formulas for obtaining the dual evaluators are developed; the marginal effect of shifts in the yield curve is also presented."
"$10.00—reviewed by Alan J. Rowe;—Men Who Manage, by Melville Dalton."
"Market-making traders who set prices are less mistake prone and appear to be more rational than price-taking traders."
"In this paper, we study a project requiring two stages of investment."
"Asymptotic analysis yields the structure of optimal policies."
"In this paper, we take a broader approach to the issue, combining a “productivity” and an “adoption” approach, while including a search for contextual variables in the firm’s strategy that affects complementarity."
"Based on a panel of metropolitan areas in the United States from 1993 to 2002, the authors find that the enforcement of noncompete clauses significantly impedes entrepreneurship and employment growth."
"Although more information extraction might spur more competition, bidders also are inclined to submit a deceptively higher bid to prevent an opponent from learning more about their costs."
"This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2602.This paper was accepted by Lauren Cohen, finance."
"This approach has the advantage that aspiration levels, either competing benchmarks or fixed targets, are often much more natural to specify than risk tolerance parameters."
"Main features of subject performance lead one to question the idea of “optimal organizational behavior” even in this very simple situation."
"Little is known about the challenges associated with aggregating such forecasts."
"focuses on effects of alterations in the triple (A, b, c) on the properties of the system."
"The model behaves reasonably in a systems sense when tested with extreme values of endogenous and exogenous variables."
"Our premise is that economic explanations for venture finance, which do not consider how social ties influence this process, are undersocialized and incomplete."
"2) How large are the opportunity spaces? ("
"An apparently combinatorial problem is defined, and a method given for solution by reduction to a network flow problem."
"Fixed time methods with Δt considered a “clock tick” define one end of the continuum, and next-event methods utilizing strictly the push down/pop up stack approach define the other."
"in complete detail."
"A deterministic capacity expansion and shipment planning problem is considered for a single commodity that can be produced in two regions."
"70, Technion (August 1970). ("
"These results support the notion that though rational decision models may be useful in explaining information technology adoption, political and learning models may be more useful when examining infusion."
"Because models of choice are inherently high-dimensional objects, the typical approach to dealing with this problem is positing, a priori, a parametric model that one believes adequately captures choice behavior."
"A large literature documents that women are different from men in their choices and preferences, but little is known about gender differences in the boardroom."
"Collaborative prototyping involves two economic agents, with different information structures and different—and potentially conflicting—objective functions."
"The crisis was followed by an unprecedented drop in hospital investments, yet the aggregate trends show no discrete shifts in treatment intensity post-2008."
"On the modelling side, the proposed method combines data envelopment analysis and goal programming formulations integrated within an interactive planning framework."
"Operations Research, Statistics and Economic Mimeograph Series No."
"We introduce a novel prior alignment technique to analyze the regret of Thompson sampling with a misspecified prior, which may be of independent interest."
"This improved material handling characteristic of the solution is obtained through the controlled generation of solution elements."
"This paper was accepted by Gad Allon, operations management."
"This paper was accepted by Stefan Scholtes, healthcare management."
"However, Medicare cannot directly monitor HAI rates and instead relies on providers accurately self-reporting HAIs in claims to correctly assess penalties."
"We call this the method of parallel replications."
"This discussion is divided into what I consider to be the four essential parts of an educational program in the Management Sciences: Foundations, Fundamentals, Frontiers, and Facility."
"Increasing globalization has created tremendous opportunities and challenges for organizations and societies."
"These games are represented in terms of matrix games, and the matrices are compressed by the deletion of dominated strategies for the decision maker."
"Examples of this phenomenon can be found in other industries as well."
"and might signal a popular/desirable product."
"Program Budgeting, New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston, Inc., 1969, 382 pp.,"
"service times commonly denoted by GI/G/1 is shown to be lacking in accuracy, and therefore quite undesirable for practical use."
"This result also holds for N-product schedules."
"When choosing between risky prospects for which losses are ruled out by design, subjects make the same choices for themselves as for others."
"In this paper, we employ a utility-based extension of the BM, which can yield normative prescriptions regarding both the introductory price and the price path after launch, for the new product."
"Rev. Econom."
"Bundle pricing is a widespread phenomenon."
"The major result is that if C(i + 1) − C(i) ≤ C(i + 2) − C(i + 1), and if yn(i) denotes the optimal value to allocate when i components are needed with n stages remaining, then yn(i) is nondecreasing in i and nonincreasing in n."
"Though such learning increases the resources committed by alliance partners in the learning phase, it decreases investment in the subsequent competition and also dampens the overall investment across the two stages."
"The problem is an extension of the single-processor ELSP problem."
"Our model accounts for three major constraints in a consumer’s decision-making process: (1) interdependency in decision making for different alternatives, (2) sequential arrival of information revealed by click-throughs, and (3) nonnegligible search cost."
"We find that, while much of the greater use of options by IT firms is explained by the economic factors, significant residual differences remain."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"Management Sci.14 (3) 221–238.]"
"Accessions and retention are the transition parameters of a steady state manpower model and these are assumed to be a function of wages."
"The case of statistically identical securities is presented in detail with attention given to the effect of mutual correlation on the optimal size of the portfolio."
"To this end, we develop and estimate a state-space model based on the Kalman filter that captures the dynamics of brand equity as influenced by its drivers, such as the brand’s advertising and sales promotion expenditures."
"Statistical tests indicate that increased goal accuracy is attributable to managers “meeting but not beating” goals and to new information being impounded in goals."
"In three empirical studies, participants consistently omitted nearly half of the objectives that they later identified as personally relevant."
"This market failure can be corrected through a three-part policy of restricted patent lives, subsidies to firms for consecutive successes, and entry taxes."
"Math."
"We examine the conditions under which a firm's profits are most likely to be sensitive to the misspecification of the lag structure."
"Publications would be made."
"The paper ends with a discussion of the methodological aspects of operations research work in underdeveloped countries."
"We demonstrate our approach in an inventory management problem faced by the distribution arm of a large media company, shipping 1 billion units yearly."
"The availability of these tests, especially the relatively simple and easy-to-use tests of the first type, should enhance the utilization of linear programming–based estimation."
"The results indicate that these decision rules generally lead to different operating strategies and that efficiency can be improved using the quadratic programming approach."
"Insiders in our sample have good timing; returns are usually positive (negative) after insider purchases (sales)."
"We argue that the former has the potential to enhance decision quality and organizational performance, whereas the latter might trigger relational conflict, and is, therefore, potentially detrimental to firm effectiveness."
"This paper presents an alternate set of sufficient conditions under which a LIFO policy is optimal."
"As it turns out, the game show tests a variation on the famous “prisoner's dilemma” game theoretic problem."
"The model combines the work of Moondra (Moondra, S. L. 1976."
"An experiment supports the main assertions of the model: with precise data, subjects behave as if there were no ambiguity, whereas with imprecise data subjects turn out to be ambiguity averse."
"We test these implications using data from the PIMS Competitive Strategy database."
"An analysis of the data for the two experiments is made and some implications for further research are drawn from the results."
"The universality of a problem-solving model of business negotiations is explored using 700 business people from 11 cultures as participants in a bargaining simulation."
"In three games, a contract with only this handshake agreement is (at least weakly) optimal."
"The insight for management: Information sharing policies in auctions affect bidding strategies and procurement prices."
"This paper develops two distinct models for studying inventory systems with continuous production and perishable items."
"Motivated by these concerns, we formulate a robust bandit problem in which a decision maker accounts for distrust in the nominal model by solving a worst-case problem against an adversary (“nature”) who has the ability to alter the underlying reward distribution and does so to minimize the decision maker’s expected total profit."
"The exact results show surprisingly simple structures, which shed light on how system parameters affect the performance."
"Service and/or goods producing enterprises are considered to be production systems."
"They find that productivity is significantly higher under a forced distribution by approximately 6% to 12%."
"This forms an optimality criterion called utility optimality with constant aversion to risk."
"8, No."
"The model, however, incorporates a uniquely determined planning horizon, and in the usual application requires only a finite number of time periods."
"and a network flow formulation by Fulkerson [Fulkerson, D. R. 1961."
"We do so using the event-study methodology."
"The insight for management: Pay schemes should be well designed to invoke the appropriate incentives and returns for both investors and managers."
"Management Sci.22 (1, September) 111–116.]"
"However, because the help process creates the opportunity for free riding, a help system is not always recommended and a no-help system may perform better, especially when there are low project rewards after delay and low opportunity costs for project work."
"We construct a unique panel data set from multiple sources and utilize the latest dynamic panel data estimation methods to account for heterogeneity while also addressing endogeneity concerns."
"For both classes, the suboptimality gap between our proposed policy and the oracle policy decays exponentially fast in the number of uncertain parameters even for a fixed amount of data."
"Convexity explains, to some extent, the tractability of tree network location problems."
"I find support for this hypothesis by showing that firms with more arm’s length financing have greater volatility of innovative output, and are more likely to innovate in new technological areas."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"$10.50;—Hester, Donald D. and James Tobin (eds.),"
"In statistical decision theory, computations often involve the partial moments of a random variable."
"A study of water resources development in South Sweden revealed that water consumption unexpectedly stopped growing after construction had begun on a large project to expand water supplies."
"A solution is presented for the problem of determining the sequence in which a set of manufacturing operations should be carried out in order to minimize in-process inventory costs while meeting a variety of technological constraints."
"This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"Book Review—Merrett, A. J. and G. Bannoek, Business Economics and Statistics."
"Text Edition $9.00, Trade Edition $6.75—reviewed by Samuel B. Richmond."
"The insight for management: The results suggest that first-day IPO returns are related to a preference for skewness."
"Somewhat surprisingly, we show (under reasonably general conditions) that this need not be the case."
"To make the system operational, given the limited time available for placing bets, an approximate regression scheme was developed for the Exhibition Park Racetrack in Vancouver for initial betting wealth between $2500 and $7500 and a track take of 17.1%."
"We conclude with a discussion of the role of information systems in the decentralized systems."
"If server one is working on job k, server two may be working on job k − 1, k, or k + 1 but not on k − 2 or k + 2."
"In this system, river water is stored and then either consumed by agricultural farms or released to a hydroelectric power station."
"It will also be shown that in the long run the unsystematic risk will dominate the systematic risk, and that, regardless of the value of this latter risk."
"The results support an implicit risk hypothesis according to which delayed consequences are associated with an implicit risk value, and an added compensation hypothesis which asserts that individuals require compensation for a change in their financial position."
"A mathematical expression for the cost of maintaining a client-centered service organisation is derived."
"We find that the marginal value associated with derivatives hedging is likely to be low, though we explain why some empirical studies find a higher value."
"It is shown, for the logarithmic investor, that (a) there is a wealth “break-even point” below which it is suboptimal to purchase an information system at a fixed cost, and (b) the amount the investor would be willing to pay for access to the information system is a linearly increasing function of his wealth."
"We develop a behavioral model of durable good usage with mental accounting for sunk costs."
"We develop an activity-based costing procedure for estimating the life-cycle costs of line extensions that share components."
"The paper explains these results in the context of the conceptual framework developed and discusses the managerial implications for effective coordination between supply chain partners."
"This paper describes a theory of decision making under uncertainty when payoffs are made in two different currencies."
"The class of penalty functions considered maintains the original order of differentiability and often enhances the optimization operation."
"Unfortunately, the challenge remains that it is unclear how to choose a risk measure that faithfully represents a decision maker’s true risk attitude."
"Both high- and low-demand contracts are affected by the firm’s operational characteristics in the same direction, and the informational characteristics impact those contracts differently."
"Procedures explicitly considered are the Kalman filter, dynamic autoregression, the Carbone-Longini adaptive estimation procedure, generalized least squares, Widrow's least mean square, and the Makridakis-Wheelwright generalized adaptive filtering."
"We show that U.S. stock and Treasury futures prices respond sharply to recurring stale information releases."
"This effect is stronger when the analyst is closer to the event and located in a low-crime region."
"Comparative analyses relating project rankings produced by scoring models to rankings produced by a profitability index and by a linear programming model demonstrate that the performance of a scoring model is highly sensitive to decisions made during the development of the model."
"Do store brands aid store loyalty by enhancing store differentiation or merely draw price-sensitive customers with little or no store loyalty?"
"This paper investigates the effect upon performance in a service system, such as a telephone call center, of giving waiting customers state information."
"The first is a qualitative step, which narrows a wide field of diversification opportunities to a selected few which are consistent with the company's diversification objectives and long-range policy."
"Management Sci.18 (8, April).],"
"This paper treats similar models in which nature's role is played by a selfseeking rational opponent."
"Medical devices play an increasingly significant role in the delivery of health care today."
"How can we make global trade inclusive for smaller sellers and firms?"
"The three different cases that can occur are incorporated into a model which demonstrates that the traditional lot size formulae may well indicate lots that are smaller than the true optimum."
"Here we show that the single firm bundle pricing problem is naturally viewed as a disjunctive program which is formulated as a mixed integer linear program."
"$11.95."
"Yet, when it comes to some of the most important decisions in life, people often choose to remain ignorant for a variety of psychological and economic reasons."
"We build a stylized model to investigate the impact of the BOPS initiative on store operations from an inventory perspective."
"We show that for many systems in this class, it is possible to define a new service order discipline which is more efficient than FIFO with respect to one or more measures such as expected waiting time, probability of delay, etc."
"The optimization model is flexible."
"Fisher's technique of discriminant functions is utilized to estimate the mathematical relationship between the relevant marketing performance measures which best “matches” subjective classifications agreed upon by a number of business executives."
"The output from the first stage provides the inventory input for activities in the second period or stage, etc. ["
"An innovative business practice attributed to the information technology (IT) industry is the aggressive use of employee stock options to compensate executives and other employees."
"This finding provides direct support for the notion that investor sentiment affects the earnings expectations of hard-to-value firms."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, finance."
"The product-mix problem of production planning is to determine the best quantity of each product to manufacture, over a complete range of products competing for a number of limited resources."
"Deadlines are often used to manage the time of valuable human capital."
"We numerically compare the performance of our proposed policy with these policies to identify the settings in which each policy would perform well."
"Firms hire their executives using optimal contracts derived within a competitive labor market."
"Our results have clear implications for manufacturers, consumers, and policy makers."
"The role of education and enforcement in ensuring compliance with a law or policy has been debated for more than a century now."
"Furthermore, we find that student population and education quality dissipate the effect of athletic success on monetary payoffs."
"Dr. D. L. Kirkpatrick, Brookfield, Wisconsin.]"
"Approach for automation."
"It became part of the organizational behavior process for coping with an extreme situation that, in this case, had a happy ending."
"The second model has Poisson demand requests with all demands being for a single unit."
"A model which assumes that advertising mainly influenced the demand of imitators is accepted as the most valid representation of reality."
"This paper, then, is an outgrowth of these presentations and has a twofold purpose: (1) to present a theory of a very small part of the problem of production and inventory control with the objective of acquainting the reader with the nature of the mathematical methodology, (2) to lay emphasis on a didactic presentation to show the principles involved in explaining these mathematical concepts."
"I find that the mission, whether matched or random, increases effort compared to the no-mission condition."
"The second corresponds to a form of reinforcement learning capturing the tendency to rely on past performance."
"The pass-through elasticity is also shown to depend in a nonlinear way on market concentration."
"We validate our theoretical results using Washington state EPR implementation data and provide insights into how these mechanisms can be implemented in practice."
"A new approximate algorithm for multidimensional zero-one knapsack problems with all positive coefficients is presented."
"It is reasoned that some such method is often clearly preferable to majority voting in order both to allot more appropriate influence to minorities and to accommodate for differences in importance of alternatives beyond those represented by individual rank orderings."
"We construct a sample of approximately 20,000 “twin” scientific articles, which allows us to hold constant differences in the nature of the advance and more precisely examine characteristics that predict startup commercialization."
"When food energy intake decreased an average of 500 kcal/day, 1 − p0, the probability of a nonidle system, decreased from 0.431 to 0.413, p < 0.005."
"For each stock, we distinguish between quantitative, or tangible, news (expressed with numeric characters) and qualitative news (expressed as verbal content)."
"Because new domains are unexplored territories for corporate entrepreneurs, they utilize transitional levers that they perceive will facilitate the move from existing domains to new ones."
"An algorithm, computationally feasible for large problems, has been formulated for sequencing n jobs through a single facility to minimize the number of late jobs."
"Relationships between organization size and efficiency."
"This paper is concerned with development of indicators to determine whether or not the specification of the input and output space is supported by data in the sense that the variation in data is sufficient for estimation of a frontier of the same dimension as the input output space."
"Optimal Forecasting Groups (p. 805)P. J. Lamberson, Scott E. PageWhat are the optimal composition and group size of a group for making a combined forecast?"
"Simulation results suggest that policies that take into account customer price and due date preferences in scheduling and quoting due dates significantly outperform due date setting policies that do not."
"Specifically, we investigate social learning in the context of interlocks between corporate boards, which allow firms to share knowledge and experiences with respect to their IT investments."
"For example, an optimal production schedule may have several orders of two different sizes in contrast to the special case where every order is the same size."
"The horizon period is based upon the minimum expected loss in the operation and therefore is subject to the stochastic variables of demand."
"Efficient shelf-space allocation can provide retailers with a competitive edge."
"The models in this paper provide the basis for understanding international and inter-firm differences in rates of learning."
"Although evidence-based algorithms consistently outperform human forecasters, people often fail to use them after learning that they are imperfect, a phenomenon known as algorithm aversion."
"This paper was accepted by Lorin Hitt, information systems."
"In six out of seven data sets we find social welfare orders; only one data set generates cycles anywhere in the solution space."
"Our findings highlight the positive aspects of bank dependence and the importance of implicit contracting for the lack of hold-up in lending markets."
"However, this is often unrealistic."
"An arithmetic error in the numerical example given in that paper is discussed, and corrected values of the example are presented."
"We are always better off having many policies that can achieve a given objective because it extends the criteria that can be included in policy selection."
"However, we argue that the involvement of customers goes beyond the provision of capital."
"Moreover, U.S. quantitative easing alone explains 40%–55% of intensifying spillover from the United States."
"We first show that all affine term structure models with state space ℝ+M×ℝN−M can be drift normalized and show when the standard variance normalization can be obtained."
"In each case that the authors examine, information sharing benefits the supply chain when the production diseconomy is large or competition is less intense."
"We empirically examine the asset pricing implications of the Beckerian framework of household production, where utility is derived from both market consumption and home produced goods."
"These results, however, are highly contingent upon characteristics of the task environment."
"We compare two different solution concepts for the matching assignment problem: the traditionally stable solution vs. a multiplicative utility approach that should avoid the bias."
"I derive pricing kernels in which the market volatility is endogenously determined."
"Many important problems can be modeled as dynamic (time-expanded) network flow problems."
"The latter “zero or range” constraints can be treated implicitly in a similar way as lower and upper bounds are treated implicitly in bounded variables linear programming."
"The decision makers assessed each project, indicating their likelihood of adopting it and their perception of its risk."
"We show in this paper, analytically and through simulation, that the manufacturer's benefit is insignificant when the parameters of the AR(1) process are known to both parties, as in Lee, So, and Tang (LST)."
"failure"
"A dynamic programming algorithm is developed for partitioning the items into groups, each with its own fixed cycle time, resulting in an optimal fixed cycle replenishment policy."
"Our result shows that the policy is ineffectual on its own but modestly effective with others when all important factors are considered simultaneously."
"This paper introduces a closed-form option-pricing model based on the generalized extreme value distribution that successfully removes the well-known pricing bias of the lognormal distribution."
"HDHs are more likely to buy bonds in a bond initial public offering (IPO) and to take larger bond positions than bond investors with no equity in the firm."
"A computing procedure for a line balancing problem."
"Also, while hierarchical models are well established, their application to the synthesis of expert judgment is novel."
"To control this system, we develop a lower bound and proposed a close-to-optimal heuristic for which the optimality gap is on average 1.92%."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"In this paper, we explicitly incorporate various types of costs to a one-state advertising model to analyze the effect of these costs on the optimal advertising policy."
"In a model of informed trading in a market with a displayed limit order book and a dark pool that offers price improvement, higher valuation investors sort into order types with lower execution risk, generating an “immediacy hierarchy.”"
"We then consider a sequence of such auctions with randomly selected participants from a population of naive and rational bidders, with the proportion of bidder types in the population evolving in response to their relative payoffs in the auctions."
"This immediately introduces novel and realistic effects."
"Our analysis focuses on the role of founders' social capital as a determinant of these outcomes."
"Timing practices balance GP incentives against limited partner downside protection."
"For trees, we show that the value of the maximum commonality is the same for both MCAPn and MCAPs."
"We further discuss several model extensions, including dynamic pricing, combined social effects, and various cost structures, and verify that the aforementioned impacts of MEE and VEE are qualitatively robust to those extensions."
"We consider a firm that has access to a responsive nearshore source (e.g., Mexico) and a low-cost offshore source (e.g., China)."
"The decision to use a direct channel of distribution (primarily salesforce) is affected by the size of the firm, the size of an average order, the stage in the product's life cycle, the complexity of the product, the fraction of the product's sales made-to-order and the purchase frequency of the product."
"Our results reveal that if the review information is sufficiently informative, the two types of product information, i.e., the seller-created product attribute information and buyer-created review information, will interact with each other."
"First, there is a sorting by ability into basic versus applied science among academic scientists, but not among industry scientists."
"Mainly, we empirically investigate claims that compensation can impair the independence or compromise the professional judgment of a GC."
"This context allows us to separate the influence of advertisers, who prefer less coverage, from that of readers, who prefer more information about the safety risks associated with the recalls."
"A large step gradient method for the solution of convex programs is given and one of Gomory's algorithms for integer programming is described."
"The main result is a central limit theorem demonstrating that the standardized distribution of the discounted random variable converges to the unit normal as the discount rate approaches zero."
"Further, procedures for developing an operations research program and pre-planning the implementation phase exist and can be applied."
"This article develops and illustrates a new knowledge discovery algorithm tailored to the action requirements of management science applications."
"Furthermore, the trends in the purchase decisions of our participants point to the possibility that they are capable of introspecting close to two steps of thinking at the outset of the game and then learning through reinforcement mechanisms."
"Although primarily a sea-going force, the Navy must periodically rotate personnel to shore duty."
"J. Computational Finance7(2) 81–100) is generalized to a multivariate (Dirichlet) construction, bridging “simultaneously” over all time partition points of the trajectory of a gamma process."
"We address this tension between theory and solvability by proposing a convex saddle-point reformulation of an ALP that includes as primal and dual variables, respectively, a vector of basis function weights and a constraint violation density function over the state-action space."
"Using the empirical context of cardiovascular care within hospitals, we first examine the relationship between a hospital's level of specialization in cardiovascular care and the quality of its clinical performance on cardiovascular patients."
"Hence, fundamental values are better reflected in market prices—implying higher market efficiency—when some traders know more than others about future dividends."
"We model a duopoly in which the firms compete on price and quality dimensions."
"I find that the pattern of investment for firms switching to RI from earnings-based compensation is opposite to that of firms switching from ROI-based compensation."
"In the last few years several papers have been published that suggest how to optimally choose a product-line based on such data."
"Each product is made available at the supplier and absorbed by each retailer at given constant production and consumption rates."
"Because the formulation of tasks is performed by users, knowledge management initiatives must target users as well as support providers to have the desired impact on productivity."
"We present a model which enables efficient analysis of certain types of closed queueing networks with blocking due to limited buffer spaces."
"The Value of Fast Fashion: Quick Response, Enhanced Design, and Strategic Consumer Behavior (p. 778)Gérard P. Cachon, Robert SwinneyFashion apparel firms such as Zara and Benetton have increasingly embraced “fast fashion” retailing; an operating philosophy that includes “quick response”—short production and distribution lead times to better match supply with uncertain demand, and “enhanced design” to support highly trendy fashion models."
"Both the mean and volatility of the growth rate of productivity are assumed to follow a Markov chain with an unobservable state."
"Noncancelable contracts are also relatively more attractive when the acquired information is verifiable than when it is unverifiable."
"But it may distort the market when it operates in the optimal manner."
"Our analysis provides insights into the fine structure of convergence of the general binomial model to the Black-Scholes formula."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1964, $13.75, 451 pp—reviewed by Roger L. Sisson;—Martin, James."
"Managers should be aware of and actively seek out such incentives, and they should communicate clearly that such destructive behaviors are not tolerable to derive the desired effects of merit-based pay increases."
"Increasingly, business clients are actively leading information systems (IS) projects, often in collaboration with IS professionals, and they are exercising a greater degree of project control."
"We consider a model of procurement auctions and show that a policy of subsidizing inefficient competitors can lower expected project cost and also enhance economic efficiency."
"A discussion of the relationship between the theory of games and experimental gaming is presented."
"Furthermore, operational control of these systems can be improved by knowing answers to questions like “under what circumstances should be roving server be patient?”"
"When these requests are made in sufficient volume, a method of order retrieval known as batch picking is often used."
"We combine state-of-the-art clustering techniques with experimental validation to identify styles (groupings of new product designs of similar form) among the more than 350,000 U.S. design patents granted from 1977 through 2010."
"We explore a novel mechanism of network change that occurs when a firm acquires another one and inherits its network ties."
"This paper was accepted by Charles Corbett, operations management."
"We experimentally analyze how to design preopening mechanisms facilitating coordination on high equilibrium liquidity and gains from trade."
"The alternative story is that these investors are less likely to overpay for the services they receive because they are either better judges of value or more capable of discerning the price charged for these services."
"Recent research has found widespread discrimination by hosts against guests of certain races in online marketplaces."
"The paper also shows how such models can be made inter-temporal."
"This paper deals with the determination of optimal inspection policies when inspections have the potential of being harmful to the device under consideration."
"Fitting such a threshold-based model to data reveals players’ estimated thresholds to be close to the optimal thresholds after only a small number of games."
"To minimize the total discounted expected costs (production, holding, and shortage costs), we formulate the problem as a stochastic dynamic program."
"Vazsonyi and Larson [Vazsonyi, A., H. T. Larson."
"We consider two-part pricing of a service offered to risk-averse buyers subject to demand uncertainty."
"Outrage is costly for the board."
"The problem is complicated by the fact that staffing level in one time period can affect the service levels in subsequent periods."
"In task environments which favored prompt resolution of problems, inter-divisional communication was facillitated by separating complementary interests into different divisions while concentrating competitive interests within divisions."
"Simple analytic decision rules are provided to guide firms that are offered such extended payment privileges."
"Overall, we find that a proposal evaluated first requires total assets in the top 10th percentile to merely equal the evaluation of a proposal in the bottom 10th percentile that is not evaluated first."
"In this paper we study a fundamental challenge to assessing disparate impacts in practice: protected class membership is often not observed in the data."
"The decision-making process is thus “locally rational” since it may be optimal with respect to specific components of a larger plan, but globally suboptimal with regard to ultimate outcomes and for the organization as a whole."
"Book Reviews—Ansoff, H. Igor (Editor), Business Strategy, Selected Readings."
"1960."
"The purpose of this paper is to generate discount rates and implicit prices by applying theorems of Frobenius and Bellman to non-negative matrices."
"Licensing delays are reduced by about 10 months, on average, after AIPA’s enactment."
"The job consists of identifying euro coins."
"Relaxing this requirement may therefore enhance the well-being and productivity of working mothers."
"Customers will be satisfied if their perceived delivery times are shorter than their expectations."
"While not completely machine independent, and certainly not programmer independent, the new method eliminates much of the machine dependency of earlier criteria."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"An application of the control structure to a resource allocation problem is also given."
"Here we focus on the case of strategy in the presence of increasing returns to highlight how relaxing these two assumptions can lead to outcomes quite different from those predicted by standard neoclassical models."
"These authors have generally assumed efficient spending of money on advertising as far as choice of media and of purchase motivating themes are concerned."
"Buy-Sell “Shotgun” clauses call for a partner who wishes to discontinue a partnership to declare a value for the business, and for the other partner to then buy her out or sell to her at this value."
"We develop the coefficient of prescriptiveness P to measure the prescriptive content of data and the efficacy of a policy from an operations perspective."
"In this case, a firm's optimal market intelligence strategy must trade off learning a little about a broad range of markets (a broad strategy) with gaining a very deep understanding of one or a few markets (a focused strategy)."
"The efficiency of antithetic and common random numbers for variance reduction under different assumptions for the response functions is discussed."
"Once in such form, an algorithm for the vector-maximum problem can then be used to determine the subset of “efficient extreme” points corresponding to the interval weights specified."
"But does nearly every book they write deserve to be a best seller based on the merits of the work, or are they best sellers predominantly because of the reputation of the authors?"
"This paper explicitly recognizes the nature of F&P as future-oriented decision making activities and, as such, their dependence upon judgmental inputs."
"The handbook is intended to help people: (1) redesign existing organizational processes, (2) invent new organizational processes (especially ones that take advantage of information technology), and (3) share ideas about organizational practices."
"In terms of findings, the methods generally differed systematically concerning the weights given to the various attributes, as well as the variances of the resulting predictions."
"The key reason for the difference between our results and those of LST is that LST assume that the manufacturer also uses an AR(1) process to forecast the retailer order quantity."
"Walk-in customers have no contractual relations with the firm and are “shopping for price.”"
"We shall illustrate the general treatment of such problems by demonstrating a numerical example."
"These results are intended to provide a better understanding of the behavior of the Mt/G/∞ model and related Mt/G/s/r models where some customers are lost or delayed."
"April) 225–233.),"
"Moreover, people generally rate vice-virtue bundles with small vice proportions as healthier but similarly tasty as bundles with larger vice proportions."
"We characterize the consistency of a large class of nonexpected utility preferences (including mean-variance preferences and prospect theory preferences) with stochastic orders (for example, stochastic dominances of different degrees)."
"This paper studies intertemporal pricing policies when selling seasonal products in retail stores."
"However, we show that when consumers are forward looking, the value of concealment is context dependent."
"An earlier and a subsequent study which constructed two sets of social indicators for Charlotte, N.C. during the past two years are here examined and compared as part of an effort directed to the development of a general methodological approach for synthesizing and selecting between various indicators at local government levels."
"This paper describes the application of the technique of simple “marginal analysis” to an Air Force problem and suggests that a similar application may be useful in many industrial situations."
"Younger users' demand is far more inelastic than that of older users."
"The estimators are based on Lp norms of standardized time series, and they generalize previously studied estimators due to Schruben."
"Findings generally support our proposed model of vicarious learning in this market."
"We show that these equilibria are possible under mild conditions—conditions that are likely to prevail in many situations where auction formats have recently been adopted."
"Such insights offer valuable assistance in the evolution of the simulation modeling process."
"The manufacturer prefers EMC if collaboration leads to a large reduction in unit cost and/or demand variability is low."
"Participants were randomly assigned to a full treatment condition with gym-only access to tempting audio novels, an intermediate treatment involving encouragement to restrict audiobook enjoyment to the gym, or a control condition."
"We compare the difficulties of estimating the performance measure and of estimating its partial derivatives with respect to component failure rates as the component failure rates tend to 0 and the component repair rates remain fixed."
"Traditional facility location models for supply chain design focus on the trade-offs between the costs and benefits of proximity, i.e., the distance between facilities and customers."
"Many heuristics have been suggested for this problem with varying degrees of success."
"This paper develops a research framework for understanding business models and how business models have evolved over time."
"Biometrika47 (3) and 4 285–296 (December).);"
"The algorithm is then used to illustrate the effect that several simple and well-known options strategies will have on portfolio return characteristics."
"This paper describes a methodology based on decision analysis for addressing major program decisions in the development of magnetic fusion energy."
"The paper includes an analysis based on marginal costs and a discussion of the short-term financing problem under uncertainty."
"The results strongly favored the relative importance model, according to which decision makers assess scaling constants by relying on general attitudes regarding the relative importance of different decision objectives rather than on well-articulated preferences for rates of substitution between pairs of attributes."
"The solutions obtained in these tests are usually better than the corresponding solutions obtained by the Little and Lodish type of heuristic applied to the present model."
"In cases where the hypothesis holds, a dynamic programming approach to the sequential decision problem may be used to provide optimal decision rules."
"The location and magnitude of this maximum change also indicates the type of disturbance in the underlying stochastic process generating the series."
"The formal practice of forecasting and planning (F&P) has risen to prominence within a few decades and now receives considerable attention from both academics and practitioners."
"We examine how regulatory burdens affect the investment and innovation of newly public firms."
"Using this approach, we characterize the optimal compensation plan, with a bonus region resembling a “mast” and “sail” such that a bonus is paid when either all inventory above a threshold is sold or the sales quantity meets an inventory-dependent target."
"There were fewer housing transactions on inauspicious days of the lunar calendar when people are advised to avoid making major economic decisions."
"We measure this deterioration in terms of a cost per unit time—i.e., a cost-density γ(t) where t is the age of the machine."
"Management Sci.7(3) 280–285] by Robert McNaughton and the authors."
"Each of these plants was partially owned by the MNC."
"The interrelations between individual contracts are examined and the equilibrium set of contracts constituting the channel derived."
"Using a large sample of private credit agreements, I hypothesize and find that a higher debt-contracting value gives rise to smaller ex post measurement errors in accounting numbers used in covenants, and thus borrowers and lenders are less likely to renegotiate financial covenants."
"Our findings confirm many aspects of conventional wisdom about vertical hierarchies, but challenge or put boundary conditions on others."
"(1) Author's comments about his paper Salveson, M. E. 1956."
"At the same time asset specificity and the need to induce relationship-specific investments are correlated not only with fewer suppliers, but also with a larger fraction of repeated relationships."
"Chicago, Illinois: Aldine Publishing Company (Published outside North America by the Edinburgh University Press, Edinburgh, Scotland), 1969, 475 pp.,"
"In this paper, we build a model to estimate the excess mortality and incremental health expenditures associated with exposure to the following 10 workplace stressors: unemployment, lack of health insurance, exposure to shift work, long working hours, job insecurity, work–family conflict, low job control, high job demands, low social support at work, and low organizational justice."
"Several key findings emerge from the study."
"We find that markets structured to have a fixed sequence of trades exhibit greater accuracy of information aggregation than the typical form that has unstructured trade."
"Trustors misattributed the strategic, compliant behavior they observed as signals of trustees’ trustworthiness."
"When applied to a sample of time-series observations in a blockwise fashion, the inefficiency measure becomes a likelihood ratio statistic for testing inequality moment conditions."
"It is an omnibus word or a dressing gown under which a variety of management matters masquerade."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"Gains from trade are maximized when preopening orders are binding."
"Time series models are identified and their parameters estimated for both the historical and simulated data using the techniques outlined by Box and Jenkins."
"In this paper we present a new condition, strong one-switch, that characterizes the linear plus exponential family."
"Comparing the current configuration of stations in Connecticut to our integer programming solutions we find that the integer programming approach reduces the objective function by at least $3 million."
"This improves over the 12-approximation algorithm from Roughgarden and Wang."
"This is carried even further in the present paper to comprehend the now extensively employed Assurance Region (AR) concepts in which bounds are placed on the variables rather than the data."
"A unified science of management implies a management of science: a science of science, a self-reflective science."
"The authors show several interesting results."
"See also [Bereanu, B. 1967."
"433–434) have raised an interesting debate regarding car pool systems, algorithms, and human problems."
"A filing problem."
"We propose a new contract that is superior to these two on various dimensions."
"GCs have a broad oversight role within the firm, including keeping the firm in compliance with laws and regulations and dealing with potential violations with respect to financial reporting."
"Implementing our policies in the context of the aforementioned real-life data set, we show that our approach significantly outperforms the historical decisions made by the supermarket chain."
"A machine-job scheduling model is formulated that avoids the usual in-process inventories and thereby has fewer equations."
"We further explore these VCs’ comparative advantage in managing CEO turnover, finding that the prominent VC effects increase as replacement costs rise, such as when incumbent CEOs are entrenched or possess specialized technology know-how, or when startups are in an early stage."
"Several variables are significant in their association with changes in estimation accuracy as activities are reestimated."
"We find that sending proactive compensation to frustrated riders (i) is profitable and boosts their engagement behavior, (ii) works well for long waiting times but not for long travel times, (iii) seems more effective than sending the same offer to nonfrustrated riders, and (iv) has an impact moderated by past usage frequency."
"However, despite the fact that previous studies show that customers value interaction in virtual communities, our findings suggest that firms must do more than encourage interaction among their community members if they hope to create value from their virtual communities."
"The insight for management: With precise data, subjects behave as if there were no ambiguity, whereas with imprecise data subjects turn out to be ambiguity averse."
"Studying Dell's IdeaStorm community, serial ideators are found to be more likely than consumers with only one idea to generate an idea the organization finds valuable enough to implement, but they are unlikely to repeat their early success once their ideas are implemented."
"failure"
"Logist."
"Ordered logit analyses showed that external knowledge sharing was more strongly associated with performance when work groups were more structurally diverse."
"The two main dimensions along which the manufacturing strategy groups differ are the ability of the firms in them to differentiate themselves from competition with their products and services, and the scope of their product lines and markets."
"Multistage Capital Budgeting with Delayed Consumption of Slack (p. 869)Stanley Baiman, Mirko S. Heinle, Richard SaoumaHow can a firm's capital budgeting policies balance investment efficiency against managers' consumption of perquisites?"
"The model was run using arrival and service data obtained from a medium sized suburban bank together with implicitly derived cost data."
"Although the areas of special interest are somewhat different the general philosophy matches closely, and it thus seems more compact to present our views on the main purposes of education in the Management Sciences jointly."
"On the surface, the claim that organizations should adapt by generating new knowledge seems obvious and compelling."
"Using a simulated supply chain experiment based on the well-known “beer game,” we examine how changes in order and delivery cycles, availability of shared point-of-sale (POS) information, and the pattern of customer demand affect supply chain efficiency."
"However, following this change, bias may still manifest through driver cancelation after a request is accepted, at which point the rider’s picture is displayed."
"This note deals with the one-dimensional facility location model in which the weights, which can represent either demand volumes or demands and costs combined, are known only probabilistically."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"The key driver of the improvement is the use of dynamic programming to model sequential sampling as an option to learn before selecting an alternative."
"We also show that for comparable costs, a software monopolist releases the product with more bugs but invests more in post-patching support later than the physical good monopolist."
"We present a new heuristic that is a generalization of previous work of Foulds and Robinson."
"We find a moderating effect of peak timing, with lower cancelation rates for non-Caucasian riders."
"The decisions suggested by the solution include acreage allocated to different crops, sequences of crop rotations, fertilization levels, and transportation and distribution of crops and livestock among the regions."
"Further, decisions regarding the choice of technology are very expensive to correct if incorrect decisions are identified."
"We show that life insurance companies exposed to unrealized losses from low interest rates in the early 2000s increased their holdings of highly rated securitized assets, consistent with regulatory arbitrage distorting the demand to hold these assets."
"Finally, we measure the extent to which the variation in top national-brand purchase shares is explained by these five factors."
"To do so, we use a nonparametric control function approach that eliminates the bias inherent in estimating short-term price response using only household random assignment."
"Then, the vehicle picks up the delivery person and travels to the next reloading point."
"If marginal and total benefits are negatively correlated, the usage charge should be set below the marginal cost."
"The Party's Over: The Role of Earnings Guidance in Resolving Sentiment-Driven Overvaluation (p. 308)Nicholas Seybert, Holly I. Yang“Irrational exuberance” is a famous term coined by Alan Greenspan to steer enthusiastic investors riding a bull market back to reality."
"Numerical evaluations of a range of price increases and times to the price increase suggest that, with certain important caveats, the average-cost formulae are likely to be acceptable for most practical situations for the infinite horizon situation."
"It is shown that the steady-state filter's forecasts of this model are identical to the Box and Jenkins' values."
"This paper develops a simple economic model to examine how leadership styles depend on the prevailing labor market conditions for workers."
"We formulate and estimate a dynamic game of entry in which forward-looking firms make decisions not just based on present benefits of past entry but also anticipating potential future benefits of current entry."
"Existing results show that (i) lagged forward rates help predict bond returns and (ii) modern Markovian dynamic term structure models (DTSMs) cannot match the evidence [Cochrane JH, Piazzesi M (2005) Bond risk premia."
"It is generally agreed between researchers and practitioners that user involvement is a key to the success of computer based information systems."
"It is widely believed that ride sharing, the practice of sharing a car such that more than one person travels in the car during a journey, has the potential to significantly reduce traffic by filling up cars more efficiently."
"This note, however, presents an example for which his algorithm fails to give an optimal schedule."
"The sorting is usually accomplished using a reader-sorter which reads the magnetic ink characters on the checks and separates them into different “pockets.”"
"This paper proposes a new approach to time series forecasting based upon three premises."
"One approximation appeared to give slightly better results and produced an expected cost generally within a fraction of a percent of the optimal for the cases tested."
"and (3) that the linear programming version is especially suitable for tracing out the cost implications of stabilizing the work force at alternative levels."
"We examine alternative variants of full-cost transfer pricing with the property that the discounted sum of transfer payments is equal to the initial capacity acquisition cost and the present value of all subsequent variable costs of output supplied to a division."
"The amounts of instruction and motivation in a message are defined, just as information is, by comparing the amounts in a purposeful state before and after receipt of the message."
"The possibility of involving the manager in a series of experiments aimed at enhancing this willingness to delegate is suggested."
"I study the impact of government spending on corporate innovation."
"DEA involves construction of composite units as convex combinations of other units' inputs and outputs under various conditions related to returns to scale."
"In our models, which explain roughly a quarter of the aggregate variance, differences among customers account for 96%–97% of the explainable portion."
"An explicit expression for the expected outdating of any order is derived."
"Second, there is a sorting by higher taste for nonmonetary returns into academia over industry."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"The theorem being true, the important results of the paper are not weakend."
"This paper studies the spread of losses and defaults in financial networks with two interrelated features: collateral requirements and alternative contract termination rules."
"It is suggested that fluctuations in the queue-length process should also be described, for example, by various first-passage-time distributions."
"We apply this framework to real data from Boston to design a mechanism that assigns students to public schools, in order to maximize a linear combination of utilitarian and max-min welfare, subject to capacity and transportation constraints."
"For example, using the 111 series in the M-competition, 95% prediction intervals actually contain 95.8% of post-sample observations."
"The essential roles of uncertainty and of differential amounts of information in different parts of an organization in the problem of control are brought out."
"Optimal and near optimal prize and advertising strategies."
"A linear programming model is set forth for maximizing a vector of final demand deliveries under both regional production constraints and transportation network constraints."
"Although the conditions for decomposition are not always satisfied, the heuristic solution procedure defined by the decomposition approach has been found to give close to optimal solutions in randomly generated test problems."
"It is based on one-machine scheduling problems and is made more efficient by several propositions which limit the search tree by using immediate selections."
"A second test demonstrates the performance of the due date procedures, where a portion of arriving projects have their due dates established by external forces beyond management's control."
"A subsequent article describing the computational algorithm is in preparation.)"
"The first policy assumes that production of the interrupted lots is not resumed after a breakdown."
"There were conflict and “politics,” but they appeared to be due to differences in judgments about goal expectations of superiors."
"failure"
"The findings of the study provide actionable guidelines to firms for optimal design of messages at the aggregate and more granular levels."
"It is shown that, in general, the need for new engineers due to economic growth is smaller than the need to make up for attrition due to death, retirement, promotions out of engineering and voluntary leaving of the profession."
"The results are robust to controlling for gender and proxies for overconfidence constructed from survey responses."
"A simple procedure is given for solving minimal cost flow problems in which feasible flows are maintained throughout."
"Unlike the piecewise linear model of Banker, Charnes, and Cooper (Banker R. D., A. Charnes, W. W. Cooper."
"I provide strong evidence that the distribution of export increase is driven by a reduction in export entry cost."
"Although they address reidentification risks, traditional clustering-based approaches for masking numeric attributes typically do not consider the disclosure risk of categorical confidential attributes."
"In this study, a portfolio choice problem in the presence of both return predictability and capital gains tax is examined."
"The buyer announces the splits before the auction, and suppliers bid accordingly."
"Furthermore, the lift on views rate is greater for products with higher average review ratings, which suggests that a recommender acts as a complement to review ratings, whereas the opposite is true for conversion|views, where recommender and review ratings are substitutes."
"Implications of the study findings, limitations, and directions for future research are identified."
"As a result of decisions made by TIMS Council and the Board of Trustees of the Netherlands School of Economics, it was affiliated with this School's Econometric Institute."
"Our results reveal that CEO turnover is associated with increases in startups’ ex post innovation and survival performance, with experienced outsider CEO replacements showing the strongest survival rates."
"Data on inventors and assignees of patents are used to analyze the mobility of semiconductor inventors."
"For Bertrand retail competition, we show that information sharing benefits a supply chain when (1) the production diseconomy is large and (2) either competition is less intense or information is more accurate."
"Summaries of the work to date are given in [Dent, Warren T., Richard Ballintine."
"At the equilibrium, the marginal value of service equals the admission price, that is, the sum of the admission fee and the expected delay cost."
"These distributions are found to be approximately normal."
"This includes comments on games of indefinite length and lack of knowledge concerning the rules."
"Previous concepts of time flow mechanisms are inadequate for categorizing or describing the algorithms for time flow which may prove most efficient for a particular systems application."
"The main result shows that solving this problem is equivalent to finding the root of an equation whose values are determined by solving a linear problem."
"The application has important policy implications."
"$11.50;—I.E.E.E.Transactions on Systems Science and Cybernetics; September, 1968; Vol."
"Procurement lead times are allowed to be random variables, subject to certain restrictions which are discussed."
"The value of supplier backup production for the manufacturer is not necessarily larger under symmetric information; for the more reliable supplier type, it could be negative."
"Similarly, R&D activities are of several types such as long-term or short-term research, and basic research or applied research and development."
"We show that common data-driven methods, such as sample average approximation, data-driven robust optimization, and certain regularized policies, may perform poorly in this new setting."
"In the most prominent models, shakeout is generated by rising realized heterogeneity among firms that either is assumed to be unrecognized but determined ex ante or is generated by stochastic innovation outcomes coupled with convex adjustment costs and scale advantages in innovation and learning."
"Learning is to be viewed, therefore, as a conscious decision and not a mere by-product of production."
"On certain assumptions the group ranking of acts implies an underlying consensus about the facts."
"Under two alternative sets of appealing axioms, the group's implicit consensus is given as a linear opinion pool; the consensual probabilities are weighted averages of the individuals' ones."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc., 1963, 350 pp.,"
"This paper presents a review of recent developments that have taken place in the area of dynamic optimal control models in advertising subsequent to the comprehensive survey of the literature by Sethi in 1977."
"Customers differ from one another in their contribution margins, their sensitivities to the past, and in their demand volatilities."
"Additionally, we examine each strategy’s effect on future performance, finding that, in general, laggards earn greater operating returns."
"We find that the rank response function is U-shaped."
"The probability of the facility being optimally located at any point on the route is derived; it is shown that only the demand points have non-zero probabilities."
"In existing AS/RS research, storage assignment policies are evaluated based on the probability that item type j will be stored (and subsequently retrieved)."
"Data from a group of New York State hospitals are used to illustrate the development of the model's components that produce cost estimates."
"By means of two hypothetical examples the models are tested for their computational properties."
"This paper was accepted by Manel Baucells, decision analysis."
"An implication is that agency model-implied probabilities of attaining high spread levels were biased downward, which in turn biased the rating upward."
"Some confirmation of the relevance and effectiveness of this system is given by an analysis of plant injury rates for the steel industry as a whole."
"Simulation has proved to be a valuable tool for estimating security prices for which simple closed form solutions do not exist."
"In this paper, we analyze the probability that a simulation-based quantile estimator fails to lie in a prespecified neighborhood of the true quantile."
"The modeling of optimal behavior under such conditions is the subject of noncooperative game theory, of which a cornerstone is Harsanyi's formulation of games of incomplete information."
"They suggest that, generally, three-women teams are less aggressive in their pricing strategies, invest less in research and development, and invest more in social sustainability initiatives than does any other gender combination."
"At the organizational level this involves recognizing that F&P may perform many, often conflicting, manifest and latent functions which should be identified and evaluated through a multi-attribute utility framework."
"The choice model is defined by a discrete probability mass function (pmf) on a set of possible preference rankings of alternatives, and it is compatible with any random utility model."
"In contrast, giving users the ability to access crowdsourced content has no significant effect on engagement but has a positive effect on retention by reducing the hazard of abandoning the game app by 13%."
"In fact, our results suggest that participants’ preference for modifiable algorithms was indicative of a desire for some control over the forecasting outcome, and not for a desire for greater control over the forecasting outcome, as participants’ preference for modifiable algorithms was relatively insensitive to the magnitude of the modifications they were able to make (Study 2)."
"Risk analysis does have a useful function in clarifying the nature of the potential losses, particularly if rules of evidence are instituted for evaluating different studies."
"Gerbieter8 148–152; Bereanu, B. 1971."
"There are some relatively minor points in Smith's article on which one might quibble, but there are also enough major, substantive matters that we will direct our critique to these issues."
"The researcher and the manager: A dialectic of implementation."
"The econometric investigation yields results which are consistent with the behavioral assumption."
"The price of new brand-name prescription drugs has been rising fast in the United States."
"We test two ways to communicate this information: provide an unequivocal recommendation or equivocate by providing the probability of the uncertain event of interest."
"The importance of adaptive and exponentially smoothed forecasting has led to the development of several schemes using the tracking signal or the smoothed autocorrelation function for changing the value of the smoothing coefficient."
"We also show that these investors rebalance their portfolio more actively and in a contrarian direction relative to past market trends, which allows them to keep their risk exposure relatively constant over time."
"Surprisingly, standards endorsement is insignificant when controlling for simple physical attendance."
"The former could inform future decisions, but could delay the service time for other jobs, while the latter directly advances the processing of the jobs but requires making decisions under uncertainty."
"Applications to reliability, networks and queueing systems are given."
"As the locus of task uncertainty shifts, so too does the relative influence of boundary spanning individuals and internal stars; the greater the task and environmental uncertainty, the greater the influence of boundary spanning individuals."
"The insight for management: There are behavioral implications in cooperate or compete decisions that directly affect outcomes."
"OMEGA, Internal."
"Finally, we relate the optimal declaration to the degree of uncertainty concerning the partner's valuation."
"These predictions are tested in a computerized lab experiment with exogenous control of both organizational values and incentives."
"First we discuss these pathologies and extend the capacitated MCLP to address them."
"Mathematical Optimization Techniques."
"This paper was accepted by Karl Diether, finance."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc. Pp."
"Modeling is a powerful tool for managing complexity in problem solving."
"In these problems, a firm has limited inventory to sell over a finite time horizon, over which heterogeneous customers stochastically arrive."
"Some managerial interpretations are also given."
"The state of each subsystem is described by a finite Markov chain, the transition probabilities of which are subject to our control."
"The authors investigate whether the gender composition of teams affects their economic performance."
"Measuring performance by regret, that is, the profit loss caused by not knowing (1)–(4), we prove that the T-period regret of our DDPO policies are in the order of T2/3(log ⁡T)1/2 and T1/2log ⁡T in the cases of nonparametric and parametric noise distributions, respectively."
"Implicit in this approach is the assumption that teams are stable in their membership and internal organization."
"In a third study, we demonstrate that the market competition drives overconfidence even when advisors vary in quality."
"Because learning is passive under the MBP (that is, learning only takes place as a by-product of actions that have a different purpose), it can lead to incomplete learning and poor profit performance."
"We show that when the physical stores are given fewer (more) functions, as with the showroom (return or fulfillment flexibility) strategy, the omnichannel retailer may find it optimal to increase (reduce) the number and/or size of the physical stores."
"A growing body of research documents the role that organizational learning plays in improving firm performance over time."
"Using a stochastic model of storm motion derived from historic tracks, this paper explores the relationship between lead time and track uncertainty for Atlantic hurricanes and the implications of this relationship for evacuation decisions."
"The committee's debate is described in terms of a Markov chain, and the symmetry approach appears to correspond to the steady state of Markov chain theory."
"We introduce the immediate quotation case and study it with the (traditional) online version."
"The emphasis is added because in some cases common random numbers can be counterproductive when performing comparisons with a standard."
"A duality theorem for nonlinear programming."
"A key feature of the procedure is that decision makers are presented with good feasible solutions to a more realistic model early in the overall solution process together with bounds on the value of the best possible solution."
"These three alternatives are: (1) repairs only; (2) scheduled maintenance at a time interval of t hours of operation without failure; (3) performing maintenance procedures at t, 2t, 3t,… regardless of intervening repairs."
"New York: John Wiley and Sons, 1959, 364 pp—reviewed by Jean Mathes;—Management Dictionary, by Werner Sommer and Hanns-Martin Schönfeld, Berlin: Walter de Gruyter and Co., 1960, 176 pages, DM 12—reviewed by S. B. L.;—Logistics in the National Defense, by Henry E. Eccles."
"Particular rules for selecting the next subproblem and for generating additional proposal vectors are discussed."
"In the category of development of such methods we seem to be, currently, ahead of the Russians.—A. Charnes, Northwestern Technological Institute and The Transportation Center."
"We analyze the sourcing policy that is asymptotically optimal for high-volume systems and present a simple “square-root” formula that is insightful to answer our questions and sufficiently accurate for practice, as is demonstrated with a validation study."
"Organizations have increasingly turned to alternative organizational forms such as joint ventures and internal corporate ventures to enhance innovation."
"This technique has proven efficient for examples with n ≤ 200 (i.e., the number of 0-1 variables ≤ 40,000); computational experiences with 10 real-world clustering applications are provided."
"When choosing how much capacity to build or reserve with a supplier, the trade-off is clear: Too much capacity results in underutilized facilities or depressed prices, whereas too little capacity results in reduced sales and suboptimal profit and growth."
"Hence, the value of marketing expertise increases as marketing decisions become more important."
"Management Sci.20 (4, December).]"
"In variable-base budgeting an organization's resources are partitioned into two categories, those allocated to decision making and those allocated to implementation, and both sets of resources are further subdivided as necessary—between departments, across time stages, etc."
"From our analytical model, we characterize the conditions under which penetration and skimming pricing strategies for the handsets are profit-maximizing from the sellers’ standpoint, and derive the corresponding price of phonecalls."
"Whether slack is beneficial or costly to an organization has been the subject of debate."
"This research investigates preference uncertainty generated as a function of specific alternative characteristics during multiattribute evaluative judgments."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"The existing robust formulations obtained by applying well-known robust optimization methodologies become computationally intractable for large problem instances due to the presence of binary variables."
"Often, such markets are conducted as a continuous double auction, but increasingly market scoring rules are being used as an alternative."
"Models of decision making aim to predict decisions across a wide range of possible stimuli, but practical limitations force experimenters to select only a handful of them for actual testing."
"Accordingly, firms facing large technology spillovers attain fewer superstar inventors among their human capital, who are important drivers of breakthrough technology advancement."
"A program of development was started at RAND to provide better computing techniques."
"For more general multi-criteria problems, the maximum relative approximation error can be determined by solving a series of linear programming problems."
"Utilizing longitudinal data from the U.S. Panel Study for Income Dynamics, we investigate the reasons for the low rate of entrepreneurship from the public sector."
"We also study the effect on R&D incentives of marketing strategies and regulatory instruments aimed at controlling pharmaceutical expenditure."
"The AER model predicts the temporal profiles of instant utility experienced before, during, and after a given event."
"A difference equation model of a university budget system is proposed and analyzed."
"Utility is nonlinear with cost or revenue; consequently, the enterprise's view of risk is considered through utilities assigned to costs or revenues which deviate from the mean."
"The value of information sharing to a supply chain is positive, and the dominant strategy of each supply chain is to invest in information sharing when the investment costs are low."
"We find a large and highly significant increase in individuals’ bank account balances within the first month of turning 55, which declines by about a third by the end of 12 months."
"We also find that early guidance has significant implications for future disclosure choices."
"Since industries often have common reporting standards, we also identify the degrees of industry-wide accounting bias that maximize the expected investor payoffs."
"New York: Basic Books, 1967; $5.95, 237 pp;—Snodgrass, Thomas J. (ed.),"
"Where men excel."
"Consistent with this prediction, the estimated loss-aversion coefficient is 1.37 in the two-part tariff condition, significantly higher than 1.27 in the quantity discount condition."
"The analysis requires two assumptions: 1) the allocation assumption and 2) the equal coefficient of variation assumption. ("
"Finally, with this model it is possible to derive an implicit relationship between the average expenditure per customer and the value of customer waiting time."
"Cisalpino Editoriale, Milan, 1959—reviewed by Dott."
"We find both over- and underinvestment in the initial inventory can arise in our model."
"Technological innovations and government-directed lending can cause surges in systemic risk."
"Such a downward order distortion can amplify double marginalization."
"To illustrate the methodology developed, the paper considers investment in the Canadian tar-sands projects in Western Canada."
"Forecasts are allocated to planning divisions within the SMSA by univariate stochastic models."
"Including entertainment attributes as additional explanatory variables in cross-sectional regressions of portfolio turnover on objective investor attributes more than doubles the fraction of the total variation of portfolio turnover that can be explained."
"Black start-ups face more difficulty in raising external capital, especially external debt."
"A Case-Based Model of Probability and Pricing Judgments: Biases in Buying and Selling Uncertainty (p. 159)Lyle A. Brenner, Dale W. Griffin, Derek J. KoehlerAre assets priced rationally and accurately in an environment of uncertainty?"
"Using a novel experimental paradigm, we confirm that strike incidence is decreasing in the pie size."
"Approximate formulas are derived which allow for a comparison of the system-wide inventories appropriate to each of two allocation schemes: (1) the simple allocation scheme only; and (2) the simple allocation scheme with total redistribution one period before the end of the order cycle."
"The authors show that, despite giving participants incentives for accurate pricing and an opportunity for experiential learning, people demonstrate systematic biases in their experiment of a simulated stock market."
"The author finds that, given information about worker ability, male managers chose the tournament significantly less often for a female worker."
"One implication of this is that index policies are not optimal for the robust problem, and we propose, as an alternative, a robust version of the Gittins index."
"A persistent question in industrial organization is whether regulations restricting price discrimination in input markets can promote efficiency."
"Book Reviews—Experimental Designs in Industry."
"Specifically, we show that there exists a threshold level for market search above which the manufacturer loses."
"failure"
"We further use model simulation to show how differences in growth patterns across markets may be driven by local characteristics, and we decompose their relative impact on the demand and supply sides."
"Finally, we present a simple numerical example that suggests, given the current economics of the PC industry, that price protection under fixed wholesale prices may benefit the total chain and the retailer but hurt the manufacturer."
"We also examine the generalizability of the dynamic level-k model by applying it to explain systematic violations of backward induction in sequential bargaining games."
"Jordan and Graves (Jordan, W. C., S. C. Graves."
"We develop an algorithm that solves the constant capacities economic lot-sizing problem with concave production costs and linear holding in O(T3) time."
"Health and safety regulators are faced with the problem of making decisions involving large scientific uncertainties, public perceptions at odds with professional perceptions, uncertain and conflicting public values expressed through the political process, and difficult judgments of equity when risk and benefit are borne by different groups."
"failure"
"The production environment is characterized by multiple items, setup times between the production of consecutive items, limited capacity, and congestion effects."
"Consequently, despite what customers may think about the availability verification, it actually makes them better off."
"Indeed, under some conditions the appropriate response to environmental change is a renewed focus on exploiting existing knowledge and opportunities."
"The last part suggests additional variations in the market model and in the strategies which would increase the significance of the findings."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"Interestingly enough, the larger the number of variables the belter the accuracy of each method."
"A good appointment schedule seeks to help outpatient clinics to utilize their resources efficiently while containing patients’ waiting times."
"A key question is how a firm can provide incentives to its salesforce so that it is in their interest to truthfully disclose their information about the market and to work hard."
"A thorough analysis of this problem in centralized and decentralized setups, both of which occur in practice, is essential for understanding the benefits of collaboration."
"A report on the writer's computer simulation studies of queues in which service order is governed by due-date-like priorities."
"Despite the increase in state space from the use of “converse” functions, we show that the computational burden of the algorithm does not increase."
"We develop an indirect method to estimate utility and willingness to pay (WTP) for reductions in the risk of death at various ages."
"Estimating electrical demand in 15—30-minute intervals plays a crucial role in the determination of electric utility rates and the planning functions of utility companies."
"Parameter estimation procedures and methods for calculating the effect of simultaneous promotions are discussed."
"failure"
"This discussion demonstrates the application of discrete optimal control theory to production planning problems."
"This paper presents the application of a modified mixed-integer programming algorithm to plan menus in which the portion size of the menu items can vary over a specified positive range."
"The first problem seeks to minimize the average due-date lead time (due-date minus arrival date) of jobs subject to a constraint on the fraction of tardy jobs (Problem I) while the second uses the same objective subject to a constraint on average job tardiness (Problem II)."
"The proposed method dynamically (i.e., adaptively) designs such choices to optimize the information provided by each choice, while leveraging the distribution of the parameters across decision makers (heterogeneity) and capturing response error."
"This procedure is applied to data from the Churchman-Ratoosh laboratory investigations of implementation processes."
"They find that, on average, display advertising became far less effective at changing stated purchase intent after the EU laws were enacted, relative to display advertising in other countries."
"In turn, receiving venture funding is the single most important determinant of the likelihood of IPO."
"We investigate the effect of regret-related feedback information on bidding behavior in sealed-bid first-price auctions."
"We characterize the conditions under which the retailer shares information with none, one, or both of the manufacturers."
"failure"
"Multiple components, and a variety of cost and reservation price conditions are investigated with this approach."
"Recent literature has documented inefficiencies in the pricing of T-bill futures."
"On a production allocation and distribution problem."
"Typically this is done by defining a joint distribution in terms of marginal and conditional distributions for the model's random variables."
"The rapid pace of technological innovation necessitates that information technology (IT) services firms continually invest in replenishing the skills of their key asset base, human capital."
"The insight for management: Retailers should promote gift cards."
"This study addresses the following questions."
"Based on a sample of 92 manufacturing joint ventures, this hypothesis is tested by estimating the effect of product market signals on the hazard of acquisition."
"Various examples are provided."
"Commercializing knowledge involves transfer from discovering scientists to those who will develop it commercially."
"Because T. M. Whitin has described in detail in this journal the present state of research in inventory control (Whitin, T. M. 1954."
"The “productivity paradox” of information systems (IS) is that, despite enormous improvements in the underlying technology, the benefits of IS spending have not been found in aggregate output statistics."
"In contrast to Watts' conclusion, our analysis suggests that the market was efficient during the entire period examined and that no significant differences in market behavior between the first and the second 12-month periods was evident."
"Rapid technological developments and deregulation of the telecommunications industry have changed the way in which content providers distribute and price their goods and services."
"We further carry out a stability analysis of coalition structures to verify to what extent suppliers can reduce or eliminate the inefficiency due to their decentralization by forming alliances."
"A more general univariate time series model, which can include polynomial trends and seasonal factors, is then set up and a multivariate generalisation, analogous to the multivariate exponential smoothing model, is introduced."
"From this perspective, information outputs can be viewed as information products, and many information systems can be modeled as information manufacturing systems."
"Add-on Pricing by Asymmetric Firms (p. 899)Jeffrey D. Shulman, Xianjun GengWhat is the effect of add-on pricing on profitability and customer satisfaction?"
"On one hand, providing service for customers when they are less urgent could mean that fewer resources are needed to fulfill their service requirement."
"The insight for management: A rather myopic policy under this uncertainty has a bounded performance gap relative to that of perfect information as the number of sales attempts becomes large."
"In this multimethod paper, we propose a theoretical framework grounded in a formal model that encapsulates the key drivers and consequences of deadline-related time pressures on workflows, task sorting, and work quality."
"Thus, interaction intensity can be used to seed breaches of trust based on asymmetries of understanding."
"Over 200 randomly generated problems with up to 50 variables and 50 constraints were solved using our covering relaxation algorithm."
"A firm, therefore, needs to find a pricing policy that optimally balances between learning the optimal price and gaining revenue."
"The stochastic scheduling problem discussed in this paper is similar to the classical inventory model."
"This paper demonstrates that it is possible to obtain optimal solutions through the solution of a mixed-integer linear programming problem which serves as a surrogate for the nonlinear formulation of the problem."
"The quality of these classification efforts is influenced by the nature of the scales, which are frequently characterized by arbitrary origin and variance."
"This work is motivated by our collaboration with a large consumer packaged goods (CPG) company."
"Garfinkel and Yu (Garfinkel, Robert S., P. L. Yu."
"The bias was large, resulting in a substantial loss of expected utility in a simulated policy decision making scenario."
"Similar horizons are likely to exist in real production-inventory problems."
"1, No."
"The way we model these transit times follows closely the standard treatment of stochastic leadtimes in single-location models."
"293 pp."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"Third, the data suggest that the benefit associated with provider discordance remains significant regardless of whether the patient’s initial prescriber was their regular primary care provider or another clinician."
"We model the dynamics of the system using a closed queueing network and obtain explicit and closed form lower and upper bounds on the optimal number of vehicles (the minimum number of vehicles needed to meet a target service level)."
"Results suggest that interruptions influence knowledge transfer effort, and both knowledge transfer effort and interruptions are positively related to the acquisition of new work routines."
"The combination of search process and content searched influences the particular growth possibilities discovered and created."
"An~account-numbering method is described which provides almost exact alphabetic and numeric sequencing even though the original file may grow by several hundred percent."
"Results indicate that the economic benefits of modern water and energy efficient irrigation systems may come from the expansion of current irrigation intensity rather than from an extended period of irrigation when water is initially scarce relative to land."
"Using measures of market share that are exogenous to incumbent ratings, we provide suggestive evidence that incumbent rating levels become more generous as entrant market share in a product type increases."
"This paper examines the hypothesis that “outliers” observed in empirical frequency distributions of share price relatives can be anticipated and explained via the theory of financial analysis."
"failure"
"Such matching platforms can facilitate the creation of consumer-to-consumer (C2C) closed-loop supply chains (CLSCs) for used goods, which can enhance product reuse and limit reliance on recycling and disposal alternatives."
"Moreover, preliminary evidence suggests that the relatively few parameters used by the model can lead to very nearly the same results obtained with much larger sets of relationships among securities."
"Almost all jobs require a combination of cognitive effort and labor effort."
"With this point of view, the following case study describing the statistical and accounting problems encountered in an adoption of the LIFO method of valuing inventory is presented."
"Furthermore, we show that information availability by third parties allows firms to free ride, and it especially favors lower quality firms, who can reduce their information disclosure investments more so than higher-quality firms."
"A number of studies have examined the effect of public and private ownership on the cost of debt and concluded that the cost of debt of privately owned firms is higher, driven mainly by the poorer information environment in which these firms operate."
"The master of the world becomes the slave of the machine."
"We investigate contracting and information sharing in two competing supply chains, each consisting of one manufacturer and one retailer."
"Therefore, longer customer lifetime does not necessarily imply higher customer lifetime value."
"As an example, we concentrate here on the 1/*/SI/G/A-optimization problem (Salomon et al. ["
"The most general cases require the simulation of additional sample subpaths; however, an approximation procedure is also introduced which eliminates the need for additional simulation."
"Interestingly, we find that while firms seem to compete on advertising, they price cooperatively, thereby enhancing their price-cost margins."
"In many new product development (NPD) situations, the development process is characterized by uncertainty, and no single development approach will necessarily lead to a successful product."
"We also find evidence that high-expertise managers whose bonus decisions reflect their support for cooperation have higher department performance than all other managers."
"Using unique data from an online content provider, we then provide empirical evidence that firms indeed engage in countercyclical offering and increase the share of free content in periods of high demand."
"The results indicate the general importance of total firm capabilities and the greater importance of management capability over the supporting capabilities in the selection of optimal product strategies."
"failure"
"We explore substitution patterns across advertising platforms."
"This study discusses implications for theory and practice and provides a strong empirical foundation for understanding the consequences of firm reaction announcements to negative celebrity endorser publicity."
"A two-parameter design problem associated with an M/Ek/1 system is used as an example to show how the conditions are utilized."
"The complexities of the Air Force pose a very hard challenge for the development and application of management science."
"Although the breadth of search increases with the number of searchers, the growth of the solution space is slower than the growth of participants."
"The extended model, referred to as TAM2, was tested using longitudinal data collected regarding four different systems at four organizations (N = 156), two involving voluntary usage and two involving mandatory usage."
"This combination of manufacturer pull and push can benefit the retailer in equilibrium."
"A four-equation “working version” system based on elements of a buyer behavior model was used to organize an analysis of a five-wave consumer panel tracking the introduction of a new brand of subcompact automobile."
"This naive decision rule is justified by the accompanying evaluation measures that provide division managers with incentives to communicate in an honest manner."
"The inventory holding and backlogging cost functions are assumed to be concave."
"Results indicate that subjects provided with cognitive feedback performed best, followed by those provided with feedforward."
"In eight studies (n = 7,334), we find that people are more likely to act as if they “count” verbal probabilities (i.e., they move closer to certainty than any individual advisor’s forecast) than they are to “count” numeric probabilities."
"By using the novel setup of a “bargaining with claims” experiment, we provide new systematic evidence tracking the influence of entitlements and obligations through the whole bargaining process."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2595.This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"It follows more broadly that professional forecasters should anticipate how a client with given risk aversion expects to gain from any given forecast, or forecast revision, before committing resources toward making a better informed (but still honest) forecast."
"Under management policy, agricultural consumption is taken as a constraint."
"The EHR module that has been alleged to increase reimbursements is the Computerized Physician Order Entry (CPOE) system, which populates patient charts with default templates and allows physicians to copy and paste data from previous charts of the patient and other patients’ records."
"Our results indicate that financial distress risk affects compensation through two channels."
"In this paper, we analyze the gains from international diversification of investment portfolios from the Japanese as well as the U.S. perspectives."
"Professor Leff sees the use of increasingly refined algorithms as the solution to forming carpools."
"52, No."
"A large organization appears to be both quantitatively and qualitatively different from a small one."
"For the developed countries in the sample, returns from IT capital investments are estimated to be positive and significant, while returns from non-IT capital investments are not commensurate with relative factor shares."
"We also provide a closed-form solution to approximate the system-wide inventory level."
"In converging markets, firms from different industries compete against each other, often for the first time."
"2003."
"In this paper, we construct rich families of scoring rules that are strictly proper (thereby encouraging truthful reporting), are sensitive to distance (thereby taking into account ordering of events), and incorporate a baseline distribution relative to which the value of a forecast is measured."
"An interesting calculation reducing theorem is also developed to further enhance the efficiency of the dynamic programming algorithm."
"Our findings also indicate that consumers always benefit from collaborative consumption, with individuals who, in the absence of collaborative consumption, are indifferent between owning and not owning benefitting the most."
"For example, the largest or smallest member of the peer comparison group might be the most or least efficient with respect to its input/output ratios and can skew how the efficiency of other members of the comparison group is perceived."
"Overall, our results suggest that the TCJA had varied, yet systematic effects on foreign firms’ shareholders’ wealth and the global competitive landscape."
"The results support the existence of thresholds."
"Specifically, the model separately derives optimistic and conservative estimates of the effect of multiple workplace exposures on health, and uses optimization to calculate upper and lower bounds around each estimate, which accounts for the correlation between exposures."
"The author proposes a model that provides a better fit to experimental data than do existing models."
"If customers’ desired products are sold out, the seller can benefit from upselling or cross-selling customers’ less preferred products."
"Exploiting the staggered entry of low-cost Vanguard index funds as competitive shocks, I show that, in response to competition, incumbents sold to self-directed investors reduce their fees by 5% of the mean; however, funds sold with broker recommendations increase their fees by 6% of the mean."
"Interestingly, this has negative implications for consumer welfare."
"When, in addition, the costs K(j) = K, and l(x) is −Lx for x > 0, zero for 0 ≦ x ≦ I, for some I ≧ 0, and H(x − I) for x > I, then conditions are given for an optimal policy (s*, S*) to have s* = −1 or S* = I. Further, for the same assumptions but without the integrality restriction on s and S, specific formulas are given for s* and S* when the criterion is average cost; and equations, which can be solved for s* and S*, are given when the criterion is total discounted cost."
"The system is based on the combining of meta-game analysis with a number of mathematical market models."
"Shipments can be performed in each discrete time instant by a fleet of vehicles of given transportation capacity, and routing is allowed."
"While the standard admission policy consists of rejecting only those customers who arrive when all servers are busy, we address the problem of finding the optimal static admission policy (with respect to a given reward structure) when customers can be discriminated according to the group they belong to, thus customers of some groups might be automatically rejected (even if some servers remain idle) in order to enhance the global efficiency of the system."
"Although the term “information systems” is often equated with computers, there is no need to do this."
"A key component of our framework is the SPO loss function, which measures the decision error induced by a prediction."
"Simulation experiments show that the approximation is quite accurate."
"In many operational situations both of these types of costs are relevant."
"Applications to the von Neumann and Morgenstern solutions and to the bargaining set are discussed."
"With the aid of the model, we investigate the behavior of consumers in a laboratory setting where we can focus on the reference group effects after controlling for the contextual and correlated effects."
"We conclude that the two-stage heuristic solution strategy is a valuable platform from which to develop procedures for generating near-optimal solutions to this difficult class of personnel scheduling problems."
"A facility at the end of the distribution network experiences a deterministic and continuous demand."
"This paper shows that the favorability of the law-of-effect strategy (versus the escalation strategy) is likely to be underestimated at the beginning of a learning process."
"In the West, where posted prices are the norm, it is uncommon to observe consumers receive discounts below the posted price."
"Amer."
"The paper provides several families of utility functions, all of whose members violate the IIA property; moreover, it is shown that the set of utility functions violating the IIA property is quite large, and that it is widespread throughout the entire space of utility functions."
"An improved procedure is proposed in which the type of pattern generated and accepted into the schedule is constrained to improve the likelihood that the residual scheduling problem has a feasible and economic solution."
"An operating characteristic of a particular policy is a function defined on the stochastic process induced when the policy is implemented."
"To illustrate our model we calibrate the model to price and response time data collected at online bookstores over a six-month period."
"This reluctance was not attributable to optimism or a general aversion to hedging."
"In computational tests with real-world problems of up to 500 “nonlinear” variables the approach has exhibited rapid convergence and yielded very close bounds on the optimal value."
"We test these predictions in the laboratory and find strong support for both."
"Management Sci.22 (2) 172–181 where Buffa [Scriabin, M., R. C. Vergin."
"The idle portion of the work force and the levels of inventory are resultant variables."
"Altogether, CDS firms tend to have a lower firm value and more volatile equity returns than non-CDS firms."
"We develop a variation on revenue sharing for this setting."
"We examine whether private feedback about relative performance can mitigate moral hazard in competitive environments by modifying the agents' self-esteem."
"The discount rate which is derived is the reciprocal of the maximal growth rate which is obtained as the largest (positive) root of the non-negative matrix introduced in the first version of the model, while the implicit prices arise from an associated eigenvector."
"McDonald's might be able to do more to promote moviegoing, but such a benefit to the alliance is discounted or ignored by McDonald's as it makes its decisions."
"To investigate whether additional accuracy can be derived from combining criteria, a method for obtaining a joint prediction from combinations of the criteria is proposed and the incremental improvement in selection accuracy considered."
"This measure is easily computed and can be used to guide the search for good limited flexibility configurations."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"We find that the current inspection regime being advanced by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security can only handle a small percentage of the total load."
"When speculative demands dominate, the interaction between belief heterogeneity and sentiment helps rationalize several puzzling characteristics of Treasury markets."
"We discuss policy implications of the model."
"Otherwise, the show stays the same, including the director, the script, other actors and, the physical theater environment."
"Using recent results by Chen (2000), we show that under a set of restricted but plausible assumptions, the optimal policy is an echelon stock multistage (R, nQ) policy with one of the reorder points varying over time."
"We show that when consumers are sufficiently heterogeneous along the unobservable attributes, the firms offer products of identical qualities in equilibrium."
"Conditional quantile prediction involves estimating/predicting the quantile of a response random variable conditioned on observed covariates."
"A continuous review serial production/distribution system with discrete compound Poisson demand for the end product is considered."
"The classical square-root formula for optimal lot size is a useful tool especially for those manufacturing processes in which labor intensive items are produced in small quantities."
"This paper uses the context of online banking to investigate the consequences of using self-service distribution channels to alter customer interactions with the firm."
"On the shortest route through a network."
"A forecast that combines probabilities with recommendations captures most of the gains of the separate approaches."
"Using these properties, we develop a mathematical programming based polynomial time procedure to provide near-optimal solutions."
"Management Sci.28 (2) 124."
"Our findings can potentially transform the public image of dynamic pricing and provide new managerial insights as well as policy implications: (1) in large-scale systems with scarce capacity, a central planner would essentially implement the same pricing policy as a firm with monopoly power; (2) the revenue-maximizing dynamic pricing policy can benefit customers when the demand elasticity is in a small bounded interval as is the case for several important demand functions."
"We prove that the interaction of fixed and pulsing costs does make pulsing optimal under a reasonable condition."
"An individual who in imprecise observations puts low (high) weight on the possibility that an event occurred is ambiguity averse (loving)."
"DEA produces easy-to-understand efficiency measures, which allow for improved productivity benchmarking."
"The scheduling of lot sizes in multistage production environments is a fundamental problem in many Material Requirements Planning Systems."
"I conclude with implications for research and practice."
"In particular, students in schools that block access to websites such as YouTube perform relatively better."
"This paper presents the present philosophy and practice used in probability encoding by the Decision Analysis Group at Stanford Research Institute."
"These findings are largely consistent with our predictions and also suggest that large firms are more inert than small firms."
"A social planner can maximize welfare by requiring marginal cost–based fees and providing traders the choice to disclose counterparty information."
"This insight motivates the authors to propose a novel way of handling the discontinuities."
"The capacity to evaluate decisions and information within a unified analytical model of the firm is at best a complex task."
"In this setting, we examine models with deterministic and stochastic demand, and we use a two-stage approach."
"Recently, so-called tailored base-surge (TBS) policies have been proposed as a heuristic for the dual-sourcing problem."
"We formulate and carry out an analytical treatment of a single-period portfolio choice model featuring a reference point in wealth, S-shaped utility (value) functions with loss aversion, and probability weighting under Kahneman and Tversky's cumulative prospect theory (CPT)."
"These results were employed to provide management with an evaluation of different model configurations, prepare overall time and cost estimates as inputs to contract negotiations and to plan and schedule manpower, equipment and capital."
"They were given the E, DA, or DIS treatment either in written form or via videotape."
"As one would expect, the buyer offer strategy involves “shading”. ("
"In each store visit, each customer samples a full preference list of the products consistent with her partial order, forms a consideration set, and then chooses to purchase the most preferred product among the considered ones."
"This framework features a highly flexible environment for modeling the probabilistic nature and interrelationships of the information sources and requires straightforward and intuitive subjective judgments using proven decision-analysis assessment techniques."
"This paper was accepted by George Wu, decision analysis."
"It is shown here that the curves have slopes between minus one and zero, are differentiable, and are bounded by two straight lines with a slope of minus one."
"Acall center with both contract and noncontract customers was giving priority to the contract customers only in off-peak hours, precisely when having priority was least important."
"Each covering problem is found by adding to its predecessor a small number (one suffices, but more speed convergence) of covering constraints that are violated by the optimal solution found for the preceding covering problem."
"Its purpose is three-fold."
"Four sentiment proxies, including three weather-based sentiment proxies and a survey-based sentiment index, are used to derive novel measures of sentiment, revealing that higher sentiment is associated with higher transaction prices, particularly for auction sales."
"However, there exists no formal theory of manufacturing strategy to explain the phenomenon."
"Our lower bound is based on a linearization of the problem and its modification obtained by incorporating the knowledge of a known heuristic solution."
"Nonpecuniary benefits of trading thus appear to offer a straightforward explanation of the “excessive trading puzzle.”"
"In this problem, the EVPI is the expected difference in costs between the actual best location and the optimum location obtained by using expected weights."
"$7;—Krishnaiah, Paruchuri R. (ed.),"
"If both quantities are low, then the optimal portfolio consists of a mix of familiar and unfamiliar assets; moreover, an increase in correlation between assets causes an investor to increase concentration in familiar assets (flight to familiarity)."
"9, No."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"Under such a policy, a constant order is placed at the regular source in each period, while the order placed at the express source follows a simple order-up-to rule."
"The variable ‘situation of an individual’ is defined which provides a mechanism to explain the observable switch in the priority ordering of needs."
"Using this property uniqueness and planning horizon theorems are proved."
"This note recommends the use of flow dominance as a measure to determine the choice between computer algorithms and visual based methods for plant layout."
"These results explain the use of guaranteed VWAP contracts in practice, question the use of market-on-close contracts, and suggest considerations for the design of financial benchmarks."
"In Stage 1 we find that higher environmental volatility leads to greater use of process technology and standard component designs but less team member rotation."
"The organizational implications of using such a model are also explored."
"When only one type of failure can be contracted on, we derive conditions under which contracting on internal failure is superior to contracting on external failure, and vice versa."
"Res.12 154–184); Granot, F., P. L. Hammer."
"Management Sci.2(4) 327–336) its application to practical cases is hampered by the fact that most systems can be described only in a series of matrices which are not compatible for multiplication."
"I apply this measure to the coauthorship network of medical scientists."
"A procedure for establishing an OR&D program and criteria for initial project selection are described."
"Our algorithm exploits the structure of the XOR-of-OR bidding language used by the FCC."
"The methods were ranking, rating, three versions of paired comparisons and a method of successive comparisons suggested by Churchman, Ackoff and Arnoff [Churchman, C. W., R. L. Ackoff, E. L. Arnoff."
"The findings are consistent with the possibility that some brokerages tip their clients about insider trades."
"We also find that the decrease in e-book sales is greater for books with less prerelease buzz."
"Our approach allows for point forecasts to be correlated and admits uncertainty on the distribution parameters given the forecasts."
"Simulation experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and accuracy of our analysis."
"The seller has private information about the product quality, which is unknown to customers in advance and publicly revealed in spot."
"A market share attraction model of competitive effort allocation by two firms is formulated as a constant sum, two-person game."
"For such situations, involving seemingly unrelated time series, this article develops a Bayesian forecasting method called C-MSKF that combines the MSKF method with the Conditionally Independent Hierarchical method."
"This is an amount the seller must pay the auction house if the property fails to sell at auction."
"Clinical pathways outline standardized processes in the delivery of care for a specific disease."
"The latter is used to develop a multi-pass heuristic scheduling procedure aimed at providing a practical tool for attacking any of the three formulations of the problem."
"Finally, we allow multihoming by consumers and show that the previous equilibrium patterns remain valid, but in most equilibria, a subset of consumers (located between rival firms' core clienteles) are multihomers."
"It is common for matrices in industrial applications of linear programming to have a large proportion of zero coefficients."
"Since the early 1980s, the diffusion of Just-In-Time (JIT) manufacturing from Japanese manufacturers to U.S. manufacturers has progressed at an accelerated rate."
"Firms are seeking out partners that will provide them the necessary leverage to achieve their various growth and diversification goals."
"The analysis also yields a cautionary finding—although the breadth of search increases with number of searchers, the relationship is strongly sublinear (logarithmic)."
"Time and budget constraints make it impossible to calculate all the impacts for all of the alternatives."
"Regardless of the two other factors, self-designed products generate a significantly higher willingness to pay."
"The branch and bound algorithm was coded in Fortran IV and tested on a number of problems."
"This paper considers, for an M/G/1 queueing system, the sensitivity of mean system time of a customer to a parameter of the arrival or service distribution."
"This note illustrates the problem by example and cautions potential users to inaccuracies that would occur if the model were to be used in practice."
"The cases analyzed differ from each other in the number of operating machines and in the number of product units present at the same time in the cell."
"Then, we define two conditions which imply that the decision maker's risk attitude satisfies a condition of this type and is represented by a generalized logarithmic utility function or a linear fractional utility function."
"Management Sci.31 1213–1231.),"
"We report the results of the first large-scale, long-term, experimental test between two crowdsourcing methods: prediction markets and prediction polls."
"Rejected by divisions without HQ review."
"Results from computational experiments conducted on a publicly available retail data set and three large data sets generated using IBM’s synthetic data generator indicate that these approaches are very effective, solving problems involving up to 10 million transactions in a short period of time."
"Baltimore: The Johns Hopkins Press, x + 889 pp."
"Suggestions for future research on competitive signaling are offered."
"A surprising result is that when the decline in the IT cost is higher than a critical value, a higher switching cost increases consumer surplus."
"Finally, the discussion is so cryptic as to raise some questions as to what Koopmans had in mind in his closing references wherein he compares Kantorovich's accomplishments (in the instant article) to those of von Neumann, Dantzig, et al."
"The difference between the profit-maximizing usage charge and marginal cost increases with buyer risk aversion."
"Finally, we note that a focused market intelligence strategy, and thus an asymmetric allocation of attention, does not require a priori differences between firms, markets, or market-specific core capabilities."
"Further, when the agent's reservation wage is sufficiently low the optimal contract is always long term."
"Here we contribute to this burgeoning literature by extending it to a number of key behavioral anomalies that are thought to be of importance for consumption, savings, and portfolio selection decisions."
"This paper describes the basic structure of the scheduling procedure, the machine coding of a specific version of the procedure, and computational experience with a set of test problems ranging in size up to fourteen jobs and seven machines."
"Theoretically, these variables are linked, the relation may be nonlinear, and negative risk premiums are consistent with equilibrium."
"The model explicitly treats such sources of uncertainty as catch per species, catch per unit of effort, weather, and markets by a computer simulation procedure."
"The decision alternatives include the construction and testing of a major experimental facility based on one of two leading technical approaches (reactor designs), an accelerated program where both approaches are pursued, or delaying another facility until more information is available."
"This paper describes the application of a mixed-integer program to the problem of providing strategic decisions for the selection and timing of a set of proposed facilities to serve distinct geographic regions."
"In some applications, however, the data may be imprecise."
"These steps are repeated until the desired number of cycles have been completed."
"can be shared among parts and is limited in availability."
"Risk premiums for decision regret."
"The problem of control is defined as that of choosing operating rules for members of an organization and enforcement rules for the operating rules so to maximize the organization's objective function."
"The experiments were constructed to evaluate the impacts of various lot-sizing methods, the length of the planning horizon, setup and holding cost parameters and product assembly structure."
"The paper presents an adjustment which can be applied to the original reorder points based on unit withdrawals."
"Wiley, New York.]."
"Exploiting this information, an efficient algorithm is developed."
"When firms randomize between opaque selling and last-minute selling strategies, they are increasingly likely to choose the opaque selling strategy as the probability of high demand increases."
"A positive relationship was established between the level of technological sophistication of the firm and the risk associated with use of its products."
"When polling systems are used to model real-world systems, it is typically assumed that the server switches continuously (“roves”) even when there are no waiting jobs in the system."
"Consumer incentives often have a dual role: to expand the market and to redistribute the market so as to meet sales targets for a range of products."
"In Manne [Manne, A. S. 1960."
"We hypothesize that compared with noneponymous firms, eponymous firms have higher FRQ because of reputation concerns."
"Probability vs. certainty equivalence methods in utility measurement: Are they equivalent?"
"Management Sci.14(1, September) 102–109.]"
"At some risk of perverting the richness of Jung's suggestion, I'd like to tell two stories of a profession, operations research, but in the end I'll not be sure which is the rational."
"In those, suppliers submit price quotes and can respond to quotes of their competitors during a live auction event."
"The theorem follows from a result of Danskin [1] that can be used (see [2]) to characterize the Lagrangian directional derivatives."
"In this paper, we examine the impact of racially charged events on the demand for antiracist classroom resources in U.S. public schools."
"A model is developed for cost-volume-profit analysis which incorporates a nonlinear cost function to express the effects of employee learning."
"Numerical experiments on a portfolio selection problem, where the problem reduces to a linear program, will illustrate the advantages of accounting for the fact that the choice of a risk measure is ambiguous."
"We analyze this question in the context of e-book and hardcover sales by exploiting a natural experiment that exogenously delayed the release of a publisher’s new Kindle e-books in April and May 2010."
"However, the proliferation of universally redeemed instant rebates suggests that the practice may be motivated by additional considerations."
"It is likely that changes in both strategy and the business environment lead product firms to place more emphasis on services."
"We generate and empirically test a number of insights related to (1) the impact of expected excitement at winning, and frustration at losing, on bids across consumers and biddings scenarios; and (2) the dynamic nature of the bidding behavior—that is, how winning and losing in previous bids influence their future bidding behavior."
"This new conceptualization of cost progress rests on three postulates concerning the budget, the technology and a finite basis for the learning curve."
"As a consequence, firms find it relatively more profitable to invest in small innovations."
"The difference between the two average travel times increases as the unavailability rate increases."
"Taken together, these findings show that consumers may benefit from reduced shopping costs by making fewer overall trips and increasing their Walmart basket sizes."
"The model also delineates the boundary conditions for such “crowd wisdom.”"
"1965."
"In order to accomplish this, however, Navy planners must understand the effect alterations in individual parameters will have on the system."
"In contrast, when the abundance of WOM is low, the introduction of WOM makes patients consider more doctors, browse for longer duration, and consider doctors that are geographically more dispersed."
"They recommend the scientific comprehension of the results of science, on the ground that only thus can we save ourselves from calamitous consequences."
"In MCAPs, we allow a developer to pair with more than one other developer during the project."
"They also suggest the importance of a “triple-fit” between personal preferences, organizational values, and incentive mechanisms for prosocially orientated individuals."
"We find that relative to the availability of competitive information, access to a decision aid has a larger effect on lowering prices and profits."
"Should he introduce two differentiated products at once or one at a time?"
"The chief feature of the method is that it fans out from the origin working out the shortest path to one new node from the origin and never having to backtrack."
"The effect of the time horizon on the optimal policy is emphasized throughout and, in two specific interpretations of the model, the classical results of the economic lot-size and equipment replacement policy are shown to be limits of more general policies."
"The model is formulated so that improvements to the shipping arcs are included as decision variables: The concave transshipment problem is extended to the case where coefficients of the shipping cost functions are treated as decision variables."
"Thus, our findings suggest that the value of training is conditional on a focused curricular approach that emphasizes a structured competency development program."
"These settings capture applications such as advertisement allocation, dynamic pricing, and traffic network routing in changing environments."
"Such activities, labeled as seller-induced learning, not only help the consumers learn more about themselves but also exploit the consumers by elaborating on the consumer heterogeneity."
"After the study, 61% of participants opted to pay to have gym-only access to iPods containing tempting audiobooks, suggesting demand for this commitment device."
"far exceed the true Type I error."
"Across settings, many respondents prefer to remain in a state of active ignorance even when information is freely available."
"The conceptual framework builds on the resource-based view of the firm and organizational information-processing theory to characterize relationships among organizational process factors, product development capabilities, critical uncertainties, and operational/market performance in product development projects."
"Appl.19(3) 543–564; Rockafellar, R. T. 1967."
"Models are formulated and computed to assess the risks of hazardous materials releases in train derailments in terms of: the probability of any number of fatalities in an accident, the probability of any total number of fatalities from all the accidents in a year, and the frequency of accidents which result in any given number of fatalities."
"The model has some novel mathematical features."
"This dominance vanishes in the risk scenario."
"If the reduction of the workcell's capacity due to this interference becomes too great, then the customer demand may not be satisfied."
"Based on lemmata which permit reduction of various important classes of convex goal programming models to problems of full row rank-interval programming type, explicit solutions to convex goal programming problems are exhibited."
"This forecast is based on a survey and projection of some contemporary technological and scientific developments."
"Computational testing shows that our approach yields consistently better results than other procedures discussed in the literature."
"Anal."
"The conclusion is that the industrial ethic which causes groups to interact with one another on a competitive win-lose basis, must and can be replaced by the new ethic which makes it possible for groups to approach their differences in points of view from a problem-solving orientation based on openness and reinforced by mutual respect and trust."
"See, e.g., [Baumol, W. S. 1961."
"Although call centers have recently invested in callback technology, the effects of this innovation on call center performance are not clearly understood."
"This paper was accepted by Shiva Rajgopal, accounting."
"Prominent trends in leadership research are reviewed."
"Hence, our results suggest that a manufacturer can benefit from collaborating with judiciously chosen competitors."
"This model is used as the basis for a heuristic algorithm, which leads to solutions that are very close to the exact optimal solutions determined through simulation."
"The Markov processes considered by R. A. Howard in [1] are really two special cases of this somewhat wider class of stochastic processes."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1969, 1,084 pp.,"
"Finally, our analytical results are illustrated using a data set from an online retailer in China, and various comparative statics are further examined via extensive numerical experiments."
"The first one is an indirect algebraic method which locates the corresponding set of all nondominated extreme points."
"Our findings also identify new psychological mechanisms that can play a role in important phenomena such as the emergence of spin-offs and rush to market entry."
"A mathematical model is presented which incorporates many descriptive characteristics of decentralized R&D resource allocation processes."
"Undergraduate women are outperformed throughout, but top-performing women are closer to men at the top of the distribution."
"What are the relative benefits of the two initiatives?"
"The aim of general purpose financial reporting is to provide information that is useful to investors, lenders, and other creditors."
"The preference for variety can drive the firms to offer multiunit discounts, and the greater price flexibility from these discounts does not necessarily reduce profits relative to simple unit pricing."
"This paper describes a methodology that demonstrates how specific types of patient/cost data can be used to construct a model that predicts the expected increase or decrease in costs associated with a change in patient load, expansion of an existing patient service department, closure of an existing patient service department, or installation of a specific patient service department."
"Methods for resolving (a) and for quantifying (b) have been developed and applied independently in the operations management literature."
"Saloman et al. ("
"Recursive inventory decision processes, when formulated as dynamic programs, lead to functional equations."
"In this paper a solution procedure similar to the traditional Holt, Modigliani, Muth, and Simon production smoothing model is used to find a combined marketing and production plan in which advertising promotion is utilised to avoid peak-load production costs by shifting seasonal demand for a product."
"Video sharing sites, social networks, online games, etc."
"We study strategic incentives of an intermediary in the design of its search environment as a means to ease search costs."
"1968."
"and if the system under study exhibits a “monotone” property, then SMEDAL can be applied."
"Each of these alternative sources of cash may have different costs as well as special restrictions."
"The most surprising finding is that firms can gain value depending on their response."
"A global convergence proof is given under the assumptions that the objective function is Lipschitz continuous and differentiable and that the feasible set is convex and compact."
"Outright simulation can be used, but requires considerable time investment for setup and debugging (especially for generation of dependent sequences of pseudorandom variates) and gives results with high parametric specificity and computation cost."
"Evaluatie der behaalde resultaten."
"From the devastation and dislocation left by 6 years of war, the Western business community has rebuilt and redirected itself in two decades of unparalleled growth and prosperity."
"We first establish that inventory fluctuations create scarcity rents for cars that are in short supply."
"The first part describes the market model as well as the accounting model used by the firm to compute its profits."
"The purpose is to aid interested readers in gaining familiarity with the algorithm and facility in the solution of numerical problems."
"This more general model relaxes a number of the assumptions required by other formulations in capturing a wide spectrum of production planning policies."
"Theorem 1 shows that if the enterprise is attempting to maximize a linear function of the cash dividends paid out, the optimization model cannot explain a readily observed phenomenon: both investment expenditures and also cash dividends at the same point in time."
"Interactions between the producer and other team members have a greater effect on revenues than other repeated pairs for which consumers might have preferences."
"This paper presents a heuristic procedure for balancing production assembly lines and a computer program for carrying out that procedure."
"Thus, customers are more likely to be blocked in Model 1 and are more likely to be served without waiting in Model 2."
"1979."
"We explore the dynamic consistency of both complete and incomplete orderings."
"Classical control theory is applied to the field of energy-economics using the Dartmount model COAL as an illustration."
"Book Reviews—McGuire, Joseph W., Theories of business behavior."
"We build a model that highlights the key mechanisms driving adoption and use of electric vehicles in this new switching-station-based electric vehicle system and contrast it with conventional electric vehicles."
"This paper, which is presented in two parts, develops a computational approach to strictly concave parametric programs of the form: Maximize α f1(x) + (1 − α)f2(x) subject to concave inequality constraints for each fixed value of α in the unit interval, where f1 and f2 are strictly concave and certain additional regularity conditions are satisfied."
"In addition to highlighting a variety of methodological approaches, the contributions shed substantive light on strategic dynamics at the value system and industry and firm levels."
"The model presented here is designed to explain and predict changes in individual choice behavior under varying conditions of choice."
"Furthermore, information asymmetry can help forecast corporate defaults after conditioning on other default prediction variables."
"Yet it is obvious to even the most casual observer that little agreement exists as to the meaning of the term, the potential for useful forecasting, regardless of detailed nature, or the status of relevant studies."
"The resulting model is process-oriented, and organizational decisions are analyzed by studying how the police force senses, learns about, and solves a stream of criminal events."
"We identify five example types of R…D uncertainty, in market payoffs, project budgets, product performance, market requirements, and project schedules."
"We tackle the problem of estimating the wait time of an allocatee who possesses incomplete system information with regard, for example, to his relative priority, other allocatees’ preferences, and resource availability."
"We show that in the case of linearly growing demands the specialized equipment should eventually be used, while if the demands are growing exponentially this may not be the case."
"This paper reports on a longitudinal study of user expectations as predictors of project success or failure."
"We develop a lower-bound approximation based on an allocation assumption, and propose protection-level heuristics that yield upper bounds on the optimal cost."
"Cahiers du Centre D'Etudes de Recherche Operationelle17 277–289.)"
"Finally, they find that the likelihood of recalls decreases after a company has undergone a recall."
"We study markets for information goods and find that they differ significantly from markets for traditional industrial goods."
"This finding is consistent with CEOs receiving a compensation premium for bearing this risk since CEOs experience large personal costs if their firms later become financially distressed."
"The use of packaged software is associated with decreased software complexity and software enhancement effort."
"Finally, we produce qualitative comparative statics for financial systems."
"Dark pools offer price improvement over displayed quotes, but nondisplayed liquidity implies execution uncertainty."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"In particular, innovation is noncontractible, so OEMs will invest less in innovation than is ideal for the industry as a whole."
"The transportation problem has offered two mathematical facets: (1) as a specialized type of linear programming problem, (2) as a method of representation of some combinatorial problems."
"Studying both long-run cross-country differences in the availability of firm-specific information to corporate outsiders, as well as quasi-experimental shocks to the information environment following transparency-enhancing security market reforms, we document significantly higher rates of R&D and patenting in richer information environments."
"is essentially correct."
"Then the investors only infer the real demand is no less than the threshold and value the firm accordingly by expectation."
"For skill acquisition, we find that the optimal process involves multiple phases of practice increase and decrease, yielding U-shaped effort consistent with the principle of distributing practice, and that the transitions between phases are smoother for skills that are easily forgotten (e.g., cognitive skills) than for those that are easily retained (e.g., continuous motor skills)."
"The method provides for evaluation of a variety of such policies.4."
"This study was conducted to better understand the knowledge reuse process when radical innovation (e.g., experiments to prepare for human exploration of Mars) is expected."
"We then conduct an empirical analysis using a data set on pre- and post-free-sample promotion mobile data usage provided by a telecom firm."
"At the same time, it highlights the influence of the culture of the management scientist on the research questions and the resulting theories."
"If one has bogged down, the other server does both parts of each job."
"We show that increased mandatory disclosure can weaken a firm’s incentive to acquire and voluntarily disclose private information that is not amenable to inclusion in mandated reports."
"Our study also points to the need for more comprehensive measures to promote the businesses of female entrepreneurs."
"The new estimators are weighted generalizations of Schruben's standardized time series area CIE."
"Namely, resource flexibility mitigates the shareholder–debtholder agency conflict as well as the risk of costly default."
"The model is formulated to better understand the appropriateness of product platforms and their impact on product-planning decisions."
"When we include interaction effects between national income levels and country variables, we find that the impacts of interest rates, size of the financial sector, teledensity, and intellectual property rights are strongest in shaping IT investment for developed countries."
"Where the land is especially fertile, this can represent a definite loss to the country's agricultural capabilities."
"A dynamic programming algorithm for joint replenishment under general order cost functions."
"We show that these findings can be accounted for when agents maximize a non-CARA utility function or when they exhibit loss aversion."
"We show that growth options create a wedge between expected-pay–effort sensitivity, which determines actual incentives, and pay–performance sensitivity, which is the ratio of expected-pay–effort to performance–effort sensitivity."
"This paper examines communication patterns for two matched product-development teams where the key difference between the groups is that one used a phase-review development process and the other used Quality Function Deployment (QFD), a product-development process adopted recently at over 100 United States and Japanese firms."
"Given a discrete maximization problem with a linear objective function where the coefficients are chosen randomly from a distribution, we would like to evaluate the expected optimal value and the marginal distribution of the optimal solution."
"Even when the firm benefits from consumer-generated quality information, it may prefer less accurate information."
"This paper was accepted by Lauren Cohen, finance."
"Besides providing a network flow solution, we put forward a strategy that combines a strong local search with a metaheuristic approach to space allocation."
"The results of this study indicate that 5 and 95 percentiles are superior to the 0 and 100 percentiles used in classical PERT; they lead to estimates that are robust to variations in the shape of the distribution, and also there is some experimental evidence which indicates that they can be estimated more accurately from one's “experience.”"
"Murray R., Mathematical Handbook of Formulas and Tables."
"We find evidence of employers searching online for the candidates."
"The C language implementation of the algorithm is available on the internet."
"Using heart attacks and child deliveries, we ask whether hospitals shift toward more profitable treatment options after a financial shock—the 2008 financial crisis."
"These findings have important implications for MC companies: It is not enough merely to design MC toolkits in such a way that preference fit is maximized and design effort is minimized."
"We find that a TMT's collaborative behavior and information exchange are necessary conditions to unleash the performance benefits of FB diversity, but do not interact with LOC diversity."
"Subjects are classified in a finite mixture model by their risk, time, and intertemporal-substitution parameters."
"The model has the following features."
"These approximations are useful in comparing the expected delays for customers from different arrival processes to a single queue and for customers with different routes through a network of queues."
"This paper was accepted by Teck-Hua Ho, decision analysis."
"Finally, we study the effect of announced discount policies on prices and profits."
"We find that the gross marginal product (MP) for computer capital averaged 81% for the firms in our sample."
"Erratum to Gessford, J. 1959."
"Based on a planning model for assigning production to plants, we demonstrate that, for realistic assumptions on demand uncertainty, limited flexibility configurations (i.e., how products are assigned to plants) have sales benefits that are approximately equivalent to those for total flexibility."
"Comments on graduate education in management sciences reflecting opinions at the University of Massachusetts."
"We exploit the 2008 Oregon ban on noncompete agreements (NCAs) for hourly-paid workers to provide the first evidence on the impact of NCAs on low-wage workers."
"On the basis of the observations certain maintenance or replacement decisions are made."
"This paper describes some key defining characteristics of a special class of information systems known as Management Myth-Information Systems (MMIS) or story-telling information systems."
"However, solving ALPs near-optimally remains challenging, for example, when approximating MDPs with nonlinear cost functions and transition dynamics or when rich basis functions are required to obtain a good VFA."
"Empirically, the modified algorithm outperforms the original algorithm for a set of 500 decision problems."
"We further show that firms will offer deeper promotions on products which enjoy complementary relationships with other products that they sell rather than on products for which the firm sells a substitute."
"Management Sci.10(2) 360–366.]"
"We identify the effect strategic sellers have on the buyer’s optimal strategy relative to more traditional learning dynamics and establish that, paradoxically, when sellers are strategic, the ability to observe delivered quality is not always beneficial for the buyer."
"The second step is to demonstrate, by presenting a synopsis of a real case, how these findings can be applied in converting a situation of management-union conflict into one of collaboration."
"A postscript to “dynamic problems to the firm.”"
"This paper proposes a model in which this condition is not satisfied, that is, the risk attitude for one attribute depends on the amounts of the other attributes."
"The question we consider is whether the seller has an incentive to signal quality in advance and, if so, how she can convey a credible signal of product quality."
"We examine the stock recommendations, earnings forecasts, and target prices issued by “reciprocity-pressured” analysts affiliated with securities underwriters who rely on other major underwriters’ invitations to be in syndicates."
"An illustrative example is given to demonstrate the various features of the information manufacturing system and show how it can be used to analyze and improve the system."
"But which of these does an advertiser stress to generate consumer interest in seeking more information?"
"This paper investigates how the presence of social learning affects the strategic interaction between a dynamic-pricing monopolist and a forward-looking consumer population, within a simple two-period model."
"Technological opportunities and threats are greatest in firms in chemicals and engineering."
"Section VII contains a numerical example, and Section VIII contains some concluding remarks."
"The capacity building cost may also increase because of a tighter deadline for building capacity."
"To reduce cannibalization, the seller could lower the quality of the low-end model and reduce the price of the high-end."
"Awerbuch, S., J. G. Ecker, W. A. Wallace."
"First, the presence of speculators increases the firm's expected profits even though the resale market competes with the firm."
"Where people are risk seeking, they predict that others will be risk seeking but substantially less so; likewise, where people are risk averse, they predict that others will be risk averse but substantially less so."
"We propose residential electricity usage as a real-time proxy for the service flow from household capital, because electricity is used in most modern-day household production activities and it cannot be easily stored."
"We show that the firms may respond to competition by adopting a technology which is the same as or different from what the competitor adopts."
"A key conclusion is that firms may benefit more from limiting the information available to consumers than from allowing full information and responding to the resulting strategic behavior in an optimal fashion."
"$18.75;—Boech, Karl and Jan Mossin (eds.),"
"Instead, the on-hand inventory is depleted before a new cycle is initiated."
"We examine the impact of dynamic pricing on social welfare and consumers’ surplus."
"The high mobility rate of engineers out of the profession is significant and its importance has not previously been documented."
"This objective is pursued in Sections 2–4."
"The approach is illustrated for cost estimation in production planning using linear programming models."
"Our approach is based on expanding the Heath-Jarrow-Morton term-structure model to allow for defaultable debt."
"Using these algorithms, we carry out an extensive empirical investigation of PBR against SAA, as well as L1 and L2 regularizations and the equally weighted portfolio."
"The Hendry market structure and partitioning theory and methodology are explained and contrasted with a strictly empirical approach in this note."
"The key question addressed is the structure of the optimal portfolios of contracting and spot market transactions for the buyer and these sellers, and the pricing thereof in market equilibrium."
"Clearly, the criticality index of an activity can be obtained by determining the criticality indices of the paths, which requires identifying all the paths, determining their criticality indices, then identifying the paths containing the activity."
"We test the proposed model of vicarious learning using panel data on new product introductions of 67 firms in the U.S. digital camera market in the 1990s."
"The Impact of Founders' Professional-Education Background on the Adoption of Open Science by For-Profit Biotechnology Firms (p. 257)Waverly W. DingThis paper investigates the effect of founders' professional-education background on the adoption of an “open science” technology strategy, which allows a firm's research personnel to do basic science research and publish the results in academic journals."
"However, there has not been enough consideration of competitive bundling situations in which exit of a competitor is not a concern."
"1965."
"Two generalizations are made."
"For cost information with price competition, the information acquisition strategies are strategic substitutes, even though the price decisions that are based on the information are strategic complements."
"This paper shows that, even if the number of variables is low enough for explicit inclusion in the model with the available technology, it may still be more efficient to resort to column generation for some class of problems."
"Therefore, it is of interest to find relations among the different kinds of information (local weights, local trade-offs, reference points, etc.)"
"Sympos."
"The demonstrations are made partly by using a real Finnish forest and price data, and partly by using artificial data."
"Wadsworth Publishing Co., 1967, 494 pp.,"
"Management Sci.20 221–231.]"
"The risk aversion is estimated to be between two and five and is significant."
"Contests—in which solvers compete for a prize offered by the contest holder—have been shown to be an effective incentive mechanism."
"Dual-sourcing inventory systems, in which one supplier is faster (i.e., express) and more costly, while the other is slower (i.e., regular) and cheaper, arise naturally in many real-world supply chains."
"If subjects underestimate the changes in satiation and habituation levels, as occurs under projection bias, our model explains why people buy more when hungry, or prefer variety in advance of consumption but stay with the same consumption good in actual use."
"In the concluding portion of this paper, the potential use of management games as a laboratory for business and social science research is surveyed."
"The case of exponential demand and linear holding and shortage costs is treated."
"However, definitive computational results are not presented."
"1968."
"An extensive numerical example is presented that helps to verify and to interpret the model in realistic terms."
"Theorems 2 and 3 explore the consequences of supposing that the maximand is a concave, nonlinear function of the cash dividends paid out, and that the optimal solution consists of positive investment expenditures over time. ("
"Some theoretical and practical aspects antithetic and common random numbers for variance reduction in simulation of stochastic systems with dependent elements are considered."
"Key variables associated with the product concept development decision process and time-to-market dynamics were identified and a theory of the concept development process was developed using the inductive system diagram technique, a research methodology developed in the course of this work."
"The relation of such game-theoretic solution concepts to subjective probability theory and nonstrategic decision analysis has been controversial, as reflected in critiques by Kadane and Larkey and responses from Harsanyi, Shubik, and others, which have appeared in this journal."
"The model is developed using sequences of variables identified as belonging to various organizational subsystems."
"Furthermore, we propose a new variant of upper confidence bound (UCB), dubbed lazyUCB, which conducts less exploration in a bid to focus on “exploitation” in view of the resource scarcity."
"Using the receiver operating characteristic curve to derive a measure for system performance, we maximize system value by balancing system benefits with maintenance costs."
"The activities are the possible sequence for each job of machine steps and interspersed delays; this, of course, greatly multiplies the number of activities."
"Further, it provides an easy way to compute an augmentation factor needed to equate the dispersion of the point forecasts to that of the predictive distribution, which depends on the correlation between the point forecasts and on the number of forecasts."
"A proposal to construct a 100-home demonstration program for photovoltaics (PV) in the Southwest was being evaluated."
"Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2934.This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"The authors compare size-based rules for forming cost pools with more information-intense correlation-based rules and develop a blended method that performs well in terms of accuracy."
"This phenomenon is wholly due to some consumers adopting automatic payments after a late payment event, thereby insuring themselves against future late payment fees."
"We find a similar ranking of methods for call center data from an Israeli bank."
"For example, when the product cost is low and/or there are sufficient expert (more sophisticated) product users, the two types of information are complements, and the seller's best response is to increase the amount of product attribute information conveyed via its marketing communications after the reviews become available."
"This approach requires the system to respond (by making production rate changes) either continuously or at regular intervals: the usual assumption is that the cost of responding is proportional to the size of the response."
"We use the concepts of ambiguity and ambiguity aversion to formalize the idea of an investor's “familiarity” toward assets."
"A particular case of the foreground-background model in computer systems analysis serves as an example."
"We explicitly model market demand uncertainty, a firm's internal cost structure, and competition, using an infinite-horizon Markov decision process."
"Our risk measures can also take into account the asymmetric effects of losses and gains on perceived risk based on an appropriate choice of the standard measure of risk."
"The addition of interest rate and currency factors does not diminish the dominant role of quantitative easing."
"Little research has appeared, however, on the incorporation of learning effects into resource allocation models that attempt to determine good or optimal allocations of scarce resources to competing activities via mathematical programming."
"On the other hand, when sellers have market power and so price strategically, and platforms extract a share of seller revenue (i.e., charge commissions), the direction of any such bias is not obvious."
"Further compressions are obtained for the case in which the cost of information is separable from the payoff resulting from the actions of the decision maker and his opponent."
"The purpose of this paper is to study the effect of the relationships between strategic type and strategy-making mode on organizational performance."
"Part 2 discusses binding constraints, i.e., constraints which are satisfied in equational form in the solution."
"Ties within and across these regions link small firms and diverse public institutions, contributing to the development of a robust national network."
"When a physician orders blood, it is crossmatched and then held for a patient."
"Work-in-progress flows through the factory in discrete time according to Markovian routings."
"Then, under conditions described in the paper, the extra costs incurred in using a policy that, instead of minimizing the statistical expectation of the total cost of the process, minimizes that of a process whose parameters are different from those of the process under consideration are determined."
"We elucidate structural properties of supply equilibria and the corresponding utilities that emerge and establish a form of spatial decomposition, which allows us to localize the analysis to regions of movement."
"In the management science of tomorrow, I predict, there will be a great growth of these and other techniques whereby practitioners and scientists will inform, stimulate and influence each other."
"The approximation is highly interpretable with buffer capacity expressed in terms of three explicit terms that can be interpreted as follows: (1) standard buffer capacity that is protection against randomness in demand and rental times, (2) buffer capacity that is protection against vehicle roaming, and (3) a correction term."
"Using a difference-in-differences test and Canada as a counterfactual, this study reveals that it did."
"Two dispatch priority rules are proposed and tested for this NP-complete problem."
"Rapid technological learning is critical to commercial success in VLSI semiconductor manufacturing."
"Several calibration procedures are contrasted across experiments."
"This growth was driven primarily by an increase in functional managers rather than general managers, a phenomenon we term “functional centralization.”"
"Here, the input is a data set that contains the submitted bids of n buyers in a set of auctions, and the problem is to return personalized reserve prices r that maximize the revenue earned on these auctions by running eager second price auctions with reserve r. For this problem, which is known to be NP complete, we present a novel linear program (LP) formulation and a rounding procedure, which achieves a 0.684 approximation."
"The second experiment shows that dishonest individuals prefer to interact with a machine when facing an opportunity to cheat."
"Specifically, the Complete Information Revelation Policy, where all submitted bids are revealed between auctions, is compared to the Incomplete Information Revelation Policy, where only the winning bid is revealed."
"But the flag carriers of Communist bloc and Third-World nations averaged eight times the death risk per flight as those from industrialized First-World nations."
"In this paper we study the decision maker's problem of aggregating this information to form his posterior distribution when he believes that the experts' opinions are dependent due to shared information."
"The inventory manager replenishes the warehouse from an outside supplier."
"The previous year's ratings of a program and competing programs in its time slot are the best predictors of its rating."
"This study investigates the comprehensive and multidimensional effects of quota (goal) frequency on sales force performance."
"We find that, on average, display advertising became far less effective at changing stated purchase intent after the EU laws were enacted, relative to display advertising in other countries."
"We construct the housing sentiment index using partial least squares on household survey responses to questions about buying conditions for houses."
"The conventional parameterizations of cumulative prospect theory do not explain the St. Petersburg paradox."
"Results shed light on the extent to which reputational mechanisms may act as a check against price obfuscation and other similar practices intended to exploit boundedly rational consumers."
"Furthermore, firms initially rated Baa in the post-regulation period are 19% more likely to be negatively downgraded to speculative grade than firms rated Baa in the pre-regulation period."
"The algorithm has performed well on a set of convex nondifferentiable programming problems."
"The national security dilemma: Challenge to management scientists."
"Imitation conforms to a well-explicated process of learning by observing."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"Also, factors other than an item's demand, such as its setup time, processing time, and unit holding cost, impact the make-to-order versus make-to-stock decision."
"The optimal policy for this decision problem may not have a reservation property."
"In particular, when investors believe macroeconomic conditions are more expansionary, they tend to expect both higher returns and lower volatility."
"Nominal rigidities generate monetary policy effects on real bonds."
"This flexible process is characterized by the ability to generate and respond to new information for a longer proportion of a development cycle."
"In the perfect markets case, age variations are less pronounced; WTP is $1,050,000 at age 20, peaks at $1,070,000 at age 25, and declines to $600,000 at age 60."
"The authors are able to distinguish between differences that result from miscommunication and ethical disagreement between leaders and advisers."
"Such techniques may be called behavioral estimation because they are based on the observed planning or decision-making behavior of managers or firms."
"Management applications of neural networks: The case of bank failure predictions."
"When supply lead times are uncertain, the simultaneous procurement from two sources offers savings in inventory holding and shortage costs."
"The insight for management: Improved forecasting methodologies can improve call center simulations to support staffing decisions."
"$10.75—reviewed by J. Wolfowitz;—A Comprehensive Bibliography on Operations Research, Operations Research Group, Case Institute of Technology, John Wiley & Sons, Inc., New York, 1958."
"This paper presents a combination of such approaches, where, in addition, valid inequalities are generated and surrogate relaxed, and a new initial core problem is adopted."
"Management Sci.5 (4, July).)"
"We show that the own-industry effect reduces director efficacy and lowers firm value as a result."
"SEU with suspicion, therefore, explains at least as many empirical violations of SEU theory as do these and similar models."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"The insight for management: Negative financial incentives have a significant effect on future behavior."
"Vol."
"For a finite time horizon the policies are compared to the optimal sequential and fixed-age replacement polices through the example of a gamma distribution previously investigated by Barlow and Proschan (Barlow, R. E., F. Proschan."
"This balking has the effect of bounding the expected length of the queue so long as there are one or more servers in attendance."
"These reductions must be accomplished on a selective basis so that the functional areas of the company may remain in balance as business conditions change."
"The software, Internet, and mobile communications revolutions have created information distribution systems of unprecedented efficiency and vast markets for content (e.g., news, entertainment, data, software applications, games, articles, books, music, images, and video)."
"The third group is a set of medium-scale randomly generated problems based on the underlying structure of the printed circuit board set."
"Product manufacturers are assumed to face a cost of producing a given population distribution."
"Both stages involve linear programming techniques solely."
"Companies struggle with timely project execution despite employing sophisticated management methods."
"It is similar to other studies I am familiar with, but it is unique in that its sponsor is willing to have it published."
"Overall, our study identifies when forced sales lead to fire sale discounts, and highlights that fire sales occur even in the absence of temporary demand shocks."
"J. Management Sci.5 (1)) can be formalized in terms of so-called “freedom functions” which express the distribution of rights in a society."
"The main purpose of this paper is to conduct an analysis in order to determine a marginal cost pricing strategy for sharing capital costs given an optimal capacity plan, and to provide insightful economic interpretations."
"Conventional optimization algorithms that prescribe order packing instructions (which items to pack in which sequence in which box) focus on box volume utilization yet tend to overlook human behavioral deviations."
"Inventory turnover varies widely across retailers and over time."
"We show that guaranteeing women equal representation among winners increases their entry."
"This order information may be leaked to the uninformed retailer by the supplier to realize higher profits."
"Although many practicing decision analysts have already adopted influence diagrams as modeling and structuring tools, they may remain unaware of the theoretical work that has emerged from the artificial intelligence community."
"An integer programming model is presented which incorporates merchandising policy constraints in optimally choosing the items and ad strategies to be included in the catalog."
"An algorithm for the model is presented and the results of the computational testing of the algorithm are provided."
"A possible heuristic procedure for analyzing data from investigations is proposed."
"We examine the role of different contract features such as pay-per-time, pay-per-call, service-level agreements, and constraints on service rates and abandonment."
"An experiment compared this method to standard numerical responding under three different payoff conditions."
"The authors find in a laboratory experiment and a large field study that a major contributor to charitable behavior is the costliness of an initial gift."
"The usefulness of the technique in evaluating soil conservation practices, farm leasing arrangements and related problems is pointed out."
"this approach permits the identification of increasing marginal products, and estimation of the classical S-shaped production functions."
"The manager is thus grossly misled into thinking his chances are very good, when in reality they are very poor."
"The time-variant coefficient incorporates the discount factor, its computation requires the solution of a backward differential equation and a set of two nonlinear differential equations for an initial value problem."
"The method can be used both for risk (known probabilities) and for uncertainty (unknown probabilities)."
"Taking information needs into account, we offer alternative ways to translate the vague guidance in the literature to implementable methods."
"For organizations whose objective is not necessarily the maximization of a financial quantity, there is little written in the economics and management literature about methods that quantify their effectiveness."
"In this paper, we study how social planners should exploit social comparisons to pursue their objectives."
"Vector computers provide a new tool for management scientists."
"The combination of naiveté and projection bias in gym attendance can help to explain limited take-up of commitment devices by dynamically inconsistent agents, and points to new forms of contracts."
"failure"
"Decision-making processes usually involve time-consuming and costly operations of observation and communication of the state of the environment and generation and implementation of appropriate actions."
"Of these, Counterprogramming is the only strategy that is presently and optimally used and justified by the model."
"Random demand for the product depends upon an aggregate measure of current and past advertising called “goodwill,” and the position of the product in its life cycle measured by sales-to-date."
"To assess probabilities in decision analysis, and for decision making in general, decision makers must evoke and apply relevant information."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Grammar-Based Integer Programming Models for Multiactivity Shift Scheduling (p. 151)Marie-Claude Côté, Bernard Gendron, Louis-Martin RousseauThis paper presents a new implicit formulation for shift scheduling problems, using context-free grammars to model the rules for the composition of shifts."
"Demand in each region is nondecreasing over a finite time horizon."
"Often, a recruit's exploitation of her own prior ideas accounts for almost half of the above effect."
"We discuss empirical and managerial implications of our findings."
"For example, these systems can easily uncover, and thereby preclude, the manager's diversion of capital funds from appropriate investments to private uses such as vacations or excess compensation."
"As the share of switching consumers expands (e.g., when consumers adopt the Internet for news or increase their use of aggregators), ad prices fall."
"Both strict precedence constraints and contiguity constraints are considered, the latter dealing with the requirement that certain sets of operations be performed contiguously (but without specification of any order)."
"In both cases, optimal service rates are not necessarily constant over time."
"Specifically, we show that when the potential for interdependency within an industry is low, entry slows down and incumbent survival is all but assured, whereas in industries where the potential for interdependencies is high, shakeouts are severe and the rates of entry and exit remain high over longer time periods, with decreasing survival rates for incumbents."
"Prior research suggests that in the presence of increasing returns, tight appropriability, and accommodating rivals, in some circumstances early entrants can achieve sustained competitive advantage by pursuing “get big fast” (GBF) strategies: Rapidly expanding capacity and cutting prices to gain market share advantage and exploit positive feedbacks faster than their rivals."
"A formal definition of an assignment function is given and various conditions for such functions are suggested."
"A heuristic and an exact procedure are also proposed to solve the problem for arbitrary levels of supply from the regional source."
"A fundamental problem in PERT networks is to identify the activities which are critical to the achievement of the project objectives."
"The method depends on representing the inter-arrival time distribution in terms of a process in class Kr (i.e., distributions with a rational Laplace transform)."
"failure"
"We offer the first empirical analysis connecting the timing of general partner (GP) compensation to private equity fund performance."
"Some conditions are found to be incompatible."
"It is shown that optimal policies exist which are not necessarily stationary for an infinite horizon stationary Markov decision process with finite state and action spaces."
"The new methods of game theory appear to provide an important approach to many of the problems of decision-making."
"The first component tests the level of the estimated probabilities; the second validates the shape, measuring the differentiation between high and low probability events."
"The underestimation is even more significant with a behavioral measure of loyalty, where there is no common-methods bias."
"The long-run abnormal returns following both stock repurchases and seasoned equity offerings disappear for the events in 2003–2012."
"Although information on charity performance metrics may facilitate more effective giving, it may also facilitate the development of excuses not to give."
"Communication technologies support virtual R&D groups by enabling immediate and frequent interaction of their geographically-distributed members."
"We also find that competing firms reposition less frequently than what is socially optimal and what collusion would imply, and we find more differentiation under collusion than under competition."
"failure"
"We then extend the analysis to the case where, in addition to the identified customer portfolios, there is an additional flow of calls called out-portfolio flow."
"The majority of the system variables are normally required to represent transportation and allocation."
"We used five methods to measure utilities under risk and found clear violations of expected utility."
"Successive approximations give any degree of accuracy."
"We find that the trust-embedded model emerges as the dominant explanation."
"A simple deterministic model is used but results are seen to be extended easily to more complex cases."
"The paper concludes with a discussion of possibilities for further research."
"The authors use similar logic to show a new benefit to manufacturers selling through downstream retailers rather than directly."
"After emphasizing the importance of risk-congruence in management control under uncertainty, a topic rarely mentioned in the past, some analytical result which would be of help to management in designing a goal-based incentive scheme are obtained."
"Informative advertising can arise because a higher perceived quality can not only increase consumers’ expected value, but it also induces more information acquisition and thus hurts the firm’s ability to extract consumer surplus."
"This latter is shown under the most general conditions to be a minimum of 0.66 and to rise as the participants in the litigation become more risk averse."
"The main advantage of this model is its ability to determine the optimum allocation among activities with arbitrary cost-time functions."
"Problem-solving procedures based on the methods of combinatorial programming are presented for solving a class of integer programming problems in which all elements are zero or one."
"This paper introduces a method to measure regret theory, a popular theory of decision under uncertainty."
"Identifying the effect of learning on consumer decisions has been a notoriously difficult empirical question because of endogeneity concerns."
"Possible applications are discussed."
"Such a strategy calls for redesigning products and processes so that the stages of the production process in which a common process is used are prolonged."
"The novel factor is a scaled cash-flow factor that results from the interaction between cash-flow news and a lagged state variable (market dividend yield or consumer price index inflation)."
"An example is given."
"Previous research on the effects of the DIS and DA has produced conflicting results."
"The authors study “sabotage”—the tendency to diminish coworkers' perceived performance in order to enhance one's own relative performance—in a controlled laboratory experiment."
"1975."
"By performing experiments on real-life benchmark instances (election data with multimember districts), we evaluate the general quality of divisor-based apportionments with respect to, e.g., deviation from quota, reversal orderings, and occurrences of ties."
"In this paper we consider the dynamic inventory problem in which the demand distribution possesses a density belonging to either the exponential or range family of densities and having an unknown parameter."
"The results are robust to different estimation techniques and different control variables."
"J. Finance 65:1163–1196.]."
"In this paper, we report on a computational experiment designed to assess the efficacy of 26 heuristic decision rules which group work tasks into work stations along an assembly line such that the number of work stations required is minimized."
"In contrast to prior investigations that find no evidence for learning in the classical scenario, in the repeated setting we observe substantial learning resulting in near-optimal stopping behavior."
"This strategy motivates the seller to set a lower reserve, which creates a surplus in auction revenues that can go to one or both parties."
"Despite the presence of economies-of-scale, there is the possibility of operating a decentralized system."
"Finally, we explore the effect of managerial practices commonly employed by firms to improve customers’ waiting experience."
"Published in Methods of Oper."
"Estimating Structural Models of Equilibrium and Cognitive Hierarchy Thinking in the Field: The Case of Withheld Movie Critic Reviews (p. 733)Alexander L. Brown, Colin F. Camerer, Dan LovalloDo moviegoers realize that a lack of prerelease reviews may signal a low-quality film?"
"Our results indicate that IS spending has made a substantial and statistically significant contribution to firm output."
"This study addresses three key issues in this regard."
"A real-effort experiment is investigated in which supervisors have to rate the performance of individual workers who in turn receive a bonus payment based on these ratings."
"We find that increased market thickness actually leads to lower matching rates."
"While operated by the manufacturer to constrain the retailer's pricing behavior, the direct channel may not always be detrimental to the retailer because it will be accompanied by a wholesale price reduction."
"This finding is consistent with theoretical predictions that partial sophisticates adopt weak commitments and then default, whereas full sophisticates are more cautious about committing, but better able to choose incentive-compatible contracts."
"In general, the findings are consistent with earlier studies showing strong, positive relationship between participation in planning on the one hand and morale and productivity on the other."
"It considers the problem of estimating the precision of the results obtained, and methods of improving the precision of results."
"Qualitatively similar results are obtained for several other search strings."
"The results confirmed that the TAM is a valuable tool for predicting intentions to use an IS."
"The online appendices are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2971.This paper was accepted by Gad Allon, operations management."
"Information about a task’s type can only be obtained while serving it."
"Our study reveals that, contrary to diagnostic services without congestion, the base rate (i.e., the prior probability of the customer type) has an effect on the agent's search strategy."
"Feedbacks of information on performance and objectives were found to have much influence on two types of executive decision processes: programming of routine work and innovation in the organization of executive functions."
"This minimal cut is then utilized to identify the project activities which should experience a duration modification in order to achieve the total project reduction."
"Our technique allows us to identify potential output gains (or equivalently potential cost savings) from reform."
"By contrast, Protestant hospitals pursue a strategy of horizontal specialization and focus on vertical differentiation, putting in more sophisticated inputs and producing more complex services."
"In §4 we obtain qualitative results about the form of the optimal policy. §"
"A simplex computation for an arc-chain formulation of the maximal multi-commodity network flow problem is proposed."
"The discussions necessary to resolve mistakes in recalling common information also help to explain the often noted fact that groups spend a disproportionate amount of time discussing common information."
"In such an inventory system, we assume that the raw material is processed successively through several facilities before reaching the customer."
"When demand is Poisson and processing time has an Erlang distribution, we show that a single-state variable called work storage level can be employed to completely capture the information regarding inventory level and the status of current production."
"A hazard model is specified to capture this relationship."
"2) It is demonstrated by means of a numerical example. ("
"It is a mode of problem-solving which searches for common values underlying different interests and encourages commitment to solving jointly defined problems."
"that are based on a substantially richer set of distributions than the beta and that use more than three estimated fractiles."
"This paper was accepted by Greta Hsu, organizations."
"Since this LP problem has a special structure, a simple computational algorithm requiring less computation than the simplex method is derived."
"Such impact is consistent, regardless of whether the VEE interactions involve previous or current consumers."
"The constraints of the model express capacities for both man-made facilities and ecological criteria as a function of visitor requirements."
"The question of determining the optimal amount of resource is also discussed."
"We study the consequences of misreporting in settings where ambiguity-averse investors face uncertainty about two aspects of the firm: its productivity and the weakness of its reporting system."
"Since the one duty period problem can be solved as a minimal cost network flow problem, we dualize with respect to the side constraints, forming a Lagrangean relaxation which is easily solved."
"A novel feature of our experiment is that we study how varying the relationship organization of the sales manager and salesperson to allow for (1) requests by the salesperson for the manager to choose price delegation, and for (2) the manager to award a small bonus after observing the salesperson's decisions, can affect behavior."
"Before working on a task, participants choose what percentage of their payoffs will be based on a piece-rate compensation scheme; the rest of their payoff is allocated to a competitive compensation scheme."
"We identify several factors that mitigate record inaccuracy, such as inventory auditing practices, and several factors that exacerbate record inaccuracy, such as the complexity of the store environment and the distribution structure."
"A special case gives rise to closed-form solutions for both uncertainty set alternatives."
"The work transformation matrix model developed in this paper is a powerful extension of the DSM method which can predict slow and rapid convergence of iteration within a project, and predict those coupled features of the design problem which will require many iterations to reach a technical solution."
"However, we find that use of the online banking channel is associated with higher customer retention rates over one-, two-, and three-year horizons."
"Our study primarily focuses on grants that were unscheduled and at-the-money, of which we estimate that 18.9% were manipulated."
"The competitive game requires firms of about 15 men each to compete in a common market."
"Management Sci.24 (7, March) 774–784.]"
"Talk delivered on October 8, 1964 at the TIMS-ORSA meeting in Minneapolis."
"Equilibrium strategies for final-offer arbitration: there is no median convergence."
"We develop a hierarchical Bayesian model based on a logistic diffusion process."
"This paper was accepted by Martin Lariviere, operations management."
"These results suggest that individuals value risks to their lives at several times the pro-rata share of their future earnings."
"To avoid damages, the buyer may audit the network to identify noncompliance."
"The treatment does produce efficiency gains."
"Cambridge, Mass.: The M.I.T. Press, 1966, $3.95 (paperback), 417 pp;—Meade, George P., Athletic Records: The Whys and Wherefores."
"This paper was accepted by Gabriel Weintraub, revenue management and market analytics."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2982.This paper was accepted by Noah Gans, stochastic models and simulation."
"Our results point to a strong interaction between financial intermediation and the legal regime in promoting entrepreneurship and economic growth."
"We apply the STDP method to a medical database related to breast cancer."
"The procedure has been applied to large size PERT networks generated at random, and the results are found to be very close to those obtained by extensive Monte Carlo sampling."
"We show that an exploding offer shall sometimes be offered in conjunction with the seller-induced learning to encourage immediate purchases when uncertainty arises in only some consumers."
"Although the coordination of inventory and transportation has been addressed in the literature, our particular problem has not been explored previously."
"It was found that input distortion degrades decision-making speed and accuracy and that the increased intensity of coverage provided by observer-overlap did not moderate this effect."
"The proposed framework is adaptable to the organizational needs of health centers, hospitals and other service organizations."
"The particular problem first considered then appears to be a suboptimization, and its results will be valid only if it is separable from its environment."
"Thus, in making a price offer each faces a trade-off between his individual gains (if a bargain is successful) and the probability that a mutually acceptable bargain is concluded."
"failure"
"Since then, a number of set-covering-based formulations have been proposed in the literature."
"This paper was accepted by Jesper Sørensen, organizations."
"Using these results, we then develop a highly efficient regeneration point-based dynamic programming algorithm."
"These results identify important complements to financial education that can bridge the gap between financial knowledge and behavior change."
"A treatment of the problem under uncertainty is given and the main results of the model are summarized."
"In contrast to the competitive power supply scenario, however, these price increases materialize only gradually for a regulated utility."
"We build a duopolistic competition model of second-degree price discrimination with information frictions in which (i) an equilibrium always exists with overlapping product qualities, whereas (ii) an equilibrium with nonoverlapping product qualities exists only if both information frictions and the cost of providing high quality are sufficiently small."
"Wadsworth Publishing Co., 1967, 482 pp;—Schlaifer, Robert, Analysis of Decisions Under Uncertainty, Volume I, Preliminary Edition."
"The judgment situations used were concerned with the design of a specific air defense system and a general air defense system, and with selecting a personnel subsystem manager for a development program."
"Medical specialists treating chronic conditions typically face a heterogeneous set of patients."
"The model takes into account all fleet cost components, including the opportunity cost of ship time, port and canal charges, and demurrage and bunker fuel."
"Examples are presented of applications to a variety of problems arising in the areas of Drilling and Production, Manufacturing, and Marketing and Distribution."
"A total inventory cost function, based upon the aggregation of the individual item rules, is derived."
"Thus, we derive the induced probability distributions of the consumer's utility and the estimators for the implied probability that an alternative is chosen."
"The offer strategy of each party is nondecreasing in the individual's reservation price."
"A model for efficiency evaluation based upon the theory of chance constrained programming is developed."
"Paris, France: Dunod, 1962, 68 NF, pp."
"Further, we hypothesize that trust motivates customers to behave relationally toward the sponsoring firm by sharing information with, coproducing new products with, and granting loyalty to, the sponsoring firm."
"Princeton University Press, Princeton.),"
"If both quantities are low, then the optimal portfolio consists of a mix of familiar and unfamiliar assets; moreover, an increase in correlation between assets causes an investor to increase concentration in familiar assets (flight to familiarity)."
"The arguments come in three steps."
"The IV approach addresses multiple sources of biases that pose challenges in estimating the causal effect using cross-sectional data: (1) the upward bias from common-methods variance resulting from the joint measurement of service satisfaction and loyalty intent in surveys, (2) the attenuation bias caused by measurement errors in service satisfaction, and (3) the omitted variable bias that may be in either direction."
"In environments which favored inaction, the reverse organization had best performance."
"Using the S&P 500 index time series and options data, this paper documents the performance of this realized measure in predicting the index realized variance as well as the equity and variance risk premiums."
"SIAM Review."
"Finally, they find a surprising result: Equilibrium restocking fees in a competitive environment can be higher than those charged by a monopolist."
"After motivating the challenges and decisions facing firms using a real-life application from Dell Computer Corporation, we formulate a mathematical model of a firm that must define its products in the presence of technology uncertainty."
"A comparison is made of the sources and consumers of R and D funds in the U.S. and Israel, particularly as related to size of firms."
"The first three sections of the paper are background discussions of relevant types of value questions."
"This generates a conglomerate discount with disagreement and short-sales constraints being complementary in explaining its cross-sectional variation."
"The average manufacturing times and predictability of completion times were used as measures of effectiveness."
"We also study the effect of three popular omnichannel strategies that involve changes of the physical stores’ functions: (i) showrooms only display products for customers to inspect before they purchase online, removing fulfillment from physical stores; (ii) return flexibility expands the functionality of physical stores by allowing customers to return online orders at them; and (iii) fulfillment flexibility expands functionality by allowing customers to pick up products purchased online at physical stores."
"The problem of maintaining quality of inventory in the presence of deterioration is studied."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"failure"
"c) How do such strategies influence competition?"
"Trends over the past two decades provide some evidence of a positive relationship between home computers and entrepreneurship rates, but the evidence is not clear."
"We show that in markets with high variety-seeking it is more profitable for a firm to rear-load, and in markets with high inertia it is more profitable to front-load."
"The current practice is to outsource both prevention and detection to the same MSSP."
"In this paper, we use an industrial example both to illustrate some of the costs and benefits of platform-based product development and to motivate the development of a mathematical model."
"Princeton: D. Van Nostrand Co. Inc., March 23, 1961."
"Case 1 supposes this model is used to determine policy only by one airline."
"In this paper we present an extension of the simplex procedure to deal with separable programming problems where the objective is composed of functions which are either convex or concave and where the feasible solution set is convex."
"Using a variety of data on IT spending and state government expenditures, we find that greater IT investments made by a state chief information officer (CIO) are associated with lower state government spending."
"This behavioral model yields three interesting predictions."
"A numerical example illustrates the results."
"We also investigate the effect of stake on trust, and study the evolution of trust."
"Numerical extensions to GI/G/1 queues, and applications to optimization problems, are also illustrated."
"Moreover, my findings suggest that these effects were through risk or informational channels distinct from changes in convenience yield."
"The interpretation and use of a dual prices in a stochastic programming model is discussed."
"As predicted by our attribute conflict hypothesis, greater within-alternative conflict (discrepancy among the attributes of an evaluative alternative) led to longer judgment times and greater response error."
"It is often convenient to present stochastic trees in factored form, allowing loosely coupled pieces of the model to be formulated and presented separately."
"We prove the optimality of different forms of control limit policies for the situations where the lead time is dictated by the market and where firms are able to compete on the basis of lead time."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"We study customer preference for the bike-share system in the city of London."
"Despite recent criticisms, we reaffirm the usefulness of a resource level of analysis for strategy research, especially when the focus is on resources developed through internal projects with identifiable stopping times."
"The main thrust of this paper is to show that, under these policies, the supply system becomes a network of queues with a special routing mechanism called an overflow bypass."
"failure"
"Science is an organized activity."
"This method may be of great help when (1) the number of candidates and restricting conditions are large; (2) the estimated or raw data on required resources for proposals and their incremental profits contain some errors; and (3) the distribution of incremental profits and required resources of candidates differs greatly, say, week by week, and the limits on resources can be extended in a practical manner by carrying over an inventory of profitable backlog orders, reducing, in effect, the remaining capacity in the future week."
"The problem is that of scheduling jobs with diverse routings on the productive facilities in a shop such that the respective due dates are met, or failing this, the sum of lateness times is minimized."
"Finally, we illustrate our proposed design on metastatic breast cancer."
"The method provides an upper bound on the wealth-equivalent loss compared to the unknown optimal strategy, and it facilitates our understanding of the economic forces at play by building on closed-form expressions for the strategies considered."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"We formulate them as robust utility maximization problems, as optimization problems with stochastic dominance constraints, and as robust certainty equivalent maximization problems."
"An embedded network within a linear program is, roughly speaking, a subset of constraints that represent conservation of flow."
"In addition, we show that for flexible policies, the supplier is better off in terms of expected profits, whereas the consumers can either benefit or not depending on the price elasticity of demand."
"Coincident with the triple optimization, each arc dual variable indicates whether or not the building component the arc represents is a bottleneck in any period during the evacuation."
"A typical sized problem of scheduling 23 programs of various lengths into a week of 40 half-hour time slots can be formulated as a 65 × 800 assignment-type integer program."
"In addition, nearly 200 General Electric managers are currently attending a course in management and management science at our Management Institute in Crotonville, and in three months they will be replaced by another group."
"Offering a subsystem that performs many end-product functions has a dual effect on the provider's profits."
"One approach involves little computation but can be applied only to the simplest type of cost function."
"Management Sci.39(10) 1190–1192.)."
"In this paper we critically examine component sharing using automotive front brakes as an example."
"The paper concludes with various suggestions for future research efforts."
"Generally, interest focuses on the construction of 2σ or 3σ probability intervals for each form."
"Using basically the same model, but focusing on the case of a homogeneous industry, Joglekar and Hamburg (1986) further identify several industry characteristics that increase the degree of suboptimality of investment in basic research, and consequently, the need for government intervention."
"Our approach also may be applicable to personnel other than engineers: better forecasts may result from the application of this simple model."
"In particular, as an example, a network transportation problem with a convex objective function is solved by using the standard transportation tableau and by only slightly modifying the usual procedure for a linear objective function."
"This paper examines the contribution to price discovery by electronic and voice-based trading systems in the U.S. Treasury market."
"We show that these estimates converge to the correct value for finite-horizon and infinite-horizon discounted and average cost criteria."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1865.This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"The authors suggest that upstream outsourcing provides more incentives for downstream firms to engage in more product differentiation, allowing them to benefit from the resulting softening of price competition."
"We analyze the roles of the scale and tail-shape parameters of the profit distribution as well as the cost of testing in determining the optimal number of tests and total budget for the concept phase of NPD."
"A very (not very) risk-averse user, who bets characteristically small (large) fractions of wealth based on a conservative forecast, is bound to make a rapidly (slowly) increasing bet as the forecast probability becomes progressively bolder or more distant from the market probability."
"Comarketing Alliances: Should You Contract on Actions or Outcomes? ("
"Working paper, University of Texas at Austin.],"
"Our work contributes toward putting the literature on learning alliances on a more solid foundation by emphasizing the importance of commitments that leading firms can make to encourage collaboration."
"47(5):821–841]."
"However, quality distortion prevails when the seller provides an identical menu for all the consumers or the free seller-induced learning."
"The range of maintenance policies examined may be subdivided in two ways."
"It is shown that there is an error in the buildup of the MMB model."
"Therefore, this paper develops a method of finding the nondominated extreme points in the criteria space."
"failure"
"We also model the evolutions of forecasts when decision makers have asymmetric demand information and refer to it as the Martingale Model of Asymmetric Forecast Evolutions."
"More recently (in Italy mainly during the last decade), many countries liberalized the service provision of public transportation."
"We provide a path-based formulation for this network design problem."
"In most real-world decisions, consequences are tied explicitly to the outcome of events."
"Most of the mathematical models that have been developed for these problems are complex and computationally demanding, including dynamic linear programming and stochastic/dynamic mathematical programs."
"In this paper, we show that introducing discretion in task completion adds a fourth variability buffer, quality, to the well-known buffers of capacity, inventory and time."
"The analysis for both models exploits the similarity of the inventory system with a single-server queueing system."
"This algorithm is motivated by submodularity properties of the objective function and by some new results on parimutuel betting."
"The purpose of this note is to show that not only is it not true in general for concave utility, it is not even true necessarily for the case considered by Hamburg and Matlack if the individual's total asset position, and the utility he assigns to total assets, is taken into consideration."
"Giving one half to each agent is fair for each realization of the fruit."
"A simple primal solution method for geometric programming is proposed."
"This paper was accepted by Lauren Cohen, finance."
"As a result, one will find some organizations which satisfy their needs by choosing opportunities from a relatively narrow horizon, and others which are engaged in an extensive evaluation process whose objective is to gradually narrow down the options available."
"For products with shorter manufacturing lead times, so the retailer has two buying opportunities, price protection alone cannot guarantee channel coordination when wholesale prices are exogenous."
"The 1949 paper discusses transportation models for a single commodity and for many commodities (including empty vehicles), and a single-commodity model for a capacitated network, with applications to sections of the Russian railroad network."
"A class of models for optimizing inventory costs is presented which takes account of stochastic obsolescence of an inventory item."
"When shortages of clean fuels are considered, firms and industries cannot all control their emissions optimally."
"First, we find that managers’ capex adjustments and capex guidance revisions relate positively with analyst feedback measured by differences between postguidance analyst capex forecasts and managerial capex guidance."
"Odds ratio were constructed to determine if an association exists between implemented versus not implemented and manufacturer size for each JIT practice."
"Based on the balance model developed by Farquhar and Rao, this paper suggests a multi-attribute approach for evaluating acquisition partners."
"Included are insights into the customer buying process that were revealed during the parameter estimation and updating procedures."
"This paper explores methods for scheduling preventive maintenance by means of mathematical programming."
"We show that technology spillovers shift the composition of corporate research and development by promoting innovation based on the exploitation of existing knowledge while disincentivizing innovation that explores new areas and breaks new ground."
"Including small cards that affirm donors’ identity as Red Cross supporters is an effective strategy, whereas including gift items such as address labels is not."
"An alternative DEA approach which does not invoke the assumption of a convex production possibility set is developed in this paper."
"We develop a mathematical model in which a focal firm (e.g., Sony) contracts with two partners (e.g., McDonald's and Old Navy) when each of these partners is privately informed about the impact of the alliance on its demand."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"The value of decision making in a complex environment: An experimental approach."
"We hypothesize how gender (a proxy for SVO) moderates response to each framing, and we report on two randomized experiments, one in partnership with a mobile-app–based recipe crowdsourcing platform, and a follow-up experiment on Amazon Mechanical Turk involving an ideation task."
"This paper describes a methodology for management information systems design which employs a formalized framework for significantly involving manager-users in the design process."
"For example, we find that only one-fifth of the most competitive 25% of our participants are women, and the most competitive 10% of our participants are all men."
"We find that diversification is not the only reason that investors trade foreign securities."
"The concept of beta as the measure of systematic risk has been widely accepted in the academic and financial community."
"Conditional mean models are easier to estimate than state-space term structure models based on Kalman estimates of latent factors."
"Seven of the 10 elections satisfy the conditions under which the Falmagne-Regenwetter method is suitable."
"We develop performance evaluation and optimization tools for a family of reasonable order policies."
"Queueing with Balking."
"We present a dynamic pricing model for oligopolistic firms selling differentiated perishable goods to multiple finite segments of strategic consumers who are aware that pricing is dynamic and may time their purchases accordingly."
"Various canine vaccination strategies were tested in the model over a ten-year planning horizon for their cost-effectiveness with regard to the prevention of canine rabies."
"This ability to utilize the forecast information allows the manufacturer to set more efficient contract terms."
"An important observation in supply chain management, known as the bullwhip effect, suggests that demand variability increases as one moves up a supply chain."
"We find that risky allocations are elevated in both the risk tool and experience sampling conditions."
"The problem of validating computer simulation models of industrial systems has received only limited attention in the management science literature."
"Starting from the premise that individuals within an organization are fallible, this paper advances the study of relationships between the organization's decision-making structure and its performance."
"Scientific Programming in Business and Industry."
"We apply a hedonic regression analysis to a new data set of more than one million auction transactions of paintings and works on paper."
"The hypotheses stem from propositions analytically derived by Basu, Lal, Srinivasan, and Staelin (1985) and Lal and Srinivasan (1988)."
"These important implications are absent in current quality-based learning models, providing an opportunity for future theoretical development."
"In this way an understanding was gained of the fundamental system of relations determining the viability of the club."
"The same problem is also considered for the case in which any one arc of the network may fail, that is, any one arc may assume a specified lower capacity for that arc."
"We confirm the existence of safety tipping points for in-hospital mortality using the discharge records of 82,280 patients across six high-mortality-risk conditions from 256 clinical departments of 83 German hospitals."
"We also identify circumstances in which vertical hierarchies can lead to inferior long-term performance."
"$20;—Van Horne, James C., Financial Management and Policy."
"The authors demonstrate a censorship bias—individuals tend to rely too heavily on the observed censored sample, biasing their belief about the underlying population."
"The model correctly predicts 86.0% of outcomes in out-of-sample, out-of-time tests."
"Using patient mortality as an outcome measure, we find that the quality of a surgeon’s performance at a given hospital improves significantly with increases in his or her recent procedure volume at that hospital but does not significantly improve with increases in his or her volume at other hospitals."
"The insight for management: Focusing on contributors to arbitrage opportunities can lead to increased profits."
"Individuals who ranked better than expected decrease output but expect a better rank in the future, whereas those who ranked worse than expected increase output but lower their future rank expectations."
"A procedure is presented to evaluate the appropriateness of alternative methodologies for analyzing a specified problem."
"Management Sci.50(4) 445–457) claimed that retailers prefer vendor-managed inventory (VMI) because it restores competition among manufacturers and encourages them to maintain a higher stock of their own brand under VMI than would be maintained under retailer-managed inventory (RMI)."
"$11.75;—Vistelius, Andrew B., Studies in Mathematical Geology."
"The system is currently used in daily operations by the Order Entry and Dispatch segment of the Chevron U.S.A. Marketing System."
"Under vague decision criteria, the new procedure loses its advantage in interpretability, but is still more accurate than PCA/logit in targeting households."
"They further show that consumer uncertainty may result in higher equilibrium prices."
"In contrast, strict application of the best model selection criterion alone results in correct market identification in at most 34% of experimental conditions."
"A simple example of the application of the model to planning the tennis equipment lines of a major mass merchandiser appears as an appendix."
"In the 10–15 trading days after the onset of the scandal, the full portfolio of sponsors lost more than 2% of market value, with losses concentrated among the core three sponsors: Electronic Arts, Nike, and PepsiCo (Gatorade)."
"Complicating this problem is the fact that customer-arrival rates to call centers are often time varying."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"Attention is restricted to the simplest kind of model uncertainty, where one of two demand models is known to apply, and we focus initially on performance of the myopic Bayesian policy (MBP), variants of which are commonly used in practice."
"Unlike the standard agency-theoretic prediction of a negative trade-off between risk and pay-performance sensitivity, this paper identifies plausible circumstances under which risk and incentives are positively associated."
"However, an alternate view is that quality improvement, faster cycle time, and effort reduction can be simultaneously attained by reducing defects and rework."
"Distributions of system availability are derived from distributions of time to failure and time to return to service of the units making up the equipment or system."
"A reverse-flow technique is described for the solution of a functional equation arising in connection with a decision process in which the termination time is defined implicitly by the condition that the process stops when the system under control enters a specified set of states in its state space."
"1979."
"Throughout our analyses we find that nonpatent references (e.g., journals, conferences, etc.),"
"This paper presents a new approach to determining the optimal facility locations for uncapacitated location problems in two stages."
"This Note is an attempt at showing how the problem of planning for freedom discussed in (Eilon, S. 1976."
"We find that speeding up cycle time is beneficial, but the sharing of POS information is not necessarily so."
"Although being ousted is costly for all CEOs—who must then devote time to finding new employment and only succeed in 62% of cases—socially connected CEOs are more likely to find new and better employment after a forced departure."
"This paper presents a new formulation of the lot-sizing problem in multistage assembly systems which leads to an effective optimization algorithm for the problem."
"This paper was accepted by Kay Giesecke, finance."
"Computational results are presented for a number of real world problems."
"This result is confirmed using the initiation of connecting flights through recently opened air hubs because investment at destinations served by these connecting flights increases after, not before, their initiation."
"Current applications are to urban planning, hospital layouts, and building design."
"We conduct a meta-analysis to summarize and explain the heterogeneity in the results in the literature using hand-collected information from 101 studies in the United States, Europe, Asia, and Latin America from 1970 to 2010."
"Additionally, our data set includes measures of the water scarcity experienced by these facilities."
"Our findings help to explain variation in one-shot anonymous cooperation, linking this intrinsically motivated prosociality to the externally imposed institutional rules experienced in other settings."
"The due-date assignment problem occurs when due-dates are assigned within, rather than outside, a job shop."
"Given the future requirements for debt financing, the decision maker must decide whether to keep his current bond or to refund by issuing a new bond at the current market interest rates."
"Test results indicate that the four exponentially smoothed seasonal models yield approximately equivalent accuracy for most data series."
"Finally, since in the previous consideration of probabilistic demand models, knowledge of the demand probability distribution and its parameters were assumed, I discuss a paper dealing with the use of Bayes estimates."
"Dynamic inventory policy with varying stochastic demands."
"First, the theory of incentive contracts needed and received new foundations."
"Also, we develop a simple criterion to determine which partial derivatives will satisfy either of these properties."
"Finally, we present an example formulation and computational results for a series of large industrial applications."
"We outline a general analysis of the interaction between trade–off size and modeling accuracy, and demonstrate its application on a simple example."
"As many of you may know, I have for many years been keenly interested in the development of operations research, particularly its application to defense problems."
"A fourth study demonstrated that similar results can be obtained by allowing decision makers to pregenerate lists of attribute levels on their own."
"Furthermore, there are often numerous solutions to a mathematical formulation that are nearly the same with respect to modeled issues but that are drastically different from each other in decision space."
"The objective of this paper is to offer a rationale for the halo effect."
"To address this, we adapt two machine learning methods, regularization and cross-validation, for portfolio optimization."
"Consider a stochastic system of such complexity that its performance can only be evaluated by using simulation or direct experimentation."
"We present analytic expressions for the delay distributions and the value of network integration through partial resource pooling."
"Ranking is increasingly more efficient than paired comparisons as the number of items to be judged increases from six to 30."
"We find that improved demand forecast benefits the buyer but hurts the seller when the buyer's forecasting accuracy is low."
"A variety of possible punishment policies are evaluated."
"We examine the key factors that influence a firm's decision whether to use front-loaded or rear-loaded incentives."
"Engineering Trust: Reciprocity in the Production of Reputation Information (p. 265)Gary Bolton, Ben Greiner, Axel OckenfelsI like you, and you like me; does that make us both good?"
"Unfortunately, when components are known to be random in a general, multivariate dependent fashion, concise specification of the randomness exhibited by the linear function is, at best, extremely complicated, usually requiring severe, unrealistic restrictions on the density functions of the random components."
"We show that a longer protected period does not always result in a better patch quality."
"Our proposed contract requires optimization of the material delivery schedule as well as the fraction and the timing of a delayed payment to each supplier."
"The expected delay depends on the demand rates chosen by the division managers."
"We build an analytical model to study the impact of value chain climbing on value distribution in vertical relationships."
"These data allow decoupling of cooperative activity resulting from start-up development via the passage of calendar time from that due to association with VCs."
"The method described in the paper is equally applicable to those problems where the optimum purchasing policy is to be obtained for a number of items procured from a single supplier."
"The objective is to schedule the workers (and correspondingly, the workflow) in a manner that minimizes labor costs subject to a variety of service-level, contractual and physical constraints."
"The authors identify sources of systematic measurement error associated with backward citations to both patent and nonpatent references."
"We present an empirical study of purchases of caller ring-back tones using data from an Asian mobile network that predicts consumers' purchase timing and choice decisions."
"Certain complications are, however, introduced through non-linearity in the constraints, and it is shown how these can be overcome."
"We develop a framework for evaluating financial risk under the PPS."
"An online shopping intermediary is an Internet platform on which consumers and third-party sellers transact."
"In some circumstances, this can reduce governance incentives and result in inferior outcomes."
"Much effort is therefore directed at the efficient management of these systems, and this paper is a step in this direction."
"A first-order method for solving the problem: minimize f(x) subject to Ax − b ≧ 0 is presented."
"We report theoretical results for the unbiasedness, strong consistency, and optimal frequentist cumulative regret properties of our meta-prior variance estimator."
"In some sectors of the economy investments in research and development (R and D) are well below the saturation level, where increasing the investment level and fraction of scientific and engineering manpower devoted to R and D may be expected to yield increased economic growth."
"These results are proved for several alternative criteria for evaluating replacement policies."
"This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"$7.95;—ArnField, R. V. (Editor), Technological Forecasting."
"We argue that the adoption of proactive initial technology strategy critically determines the ability of a high-technology new venture to rapidly and efficiently integrate its product with new and emerging complementary products."
"This paper considers a bicriterion scheduling problem where a linear combination of two objective functions is considered, with weighting factors used to represent relative importance of the two criteria, i.e., total flowtime and range of lateness."
"The purpose of this paper is to survey the body of knowledge on the efficiency of the Simplex Method, from both practical and theoretical points of view."
"In particular, the paper presents integer programming formulations of several new problems along with the results of applying linear programming relaxation methods."
"The proposed method offers a concise, shorthand way to bring into focus the key parts of the defense planning picture."
"We also find that differences in capabilities among product development efforts are the most plausible explanation for the differences in manufacturing content."
"Players choose rules based on their best guesses of others' rules and use historical plays to improve their guesses."
"Conditions are derived for the model that permit application of a general approach for determining the optimal sequence and timing of investments in a continuous-time framework."
"In addition to these favorable perceptions of the risky fund, participants in the risk tool condition are more accurate on recall questions regarding the expected return and the probability of a loss."
"We introduce an empirical measure for prior partner exposure and estimate its impact (along with that of team familiarity) on operational performance using data from the London Ambulance Service."
"Scheduling the cutting operations is a particularly difficult problem when a few cutting patterns must be chosen from a vast number of feasible patterns such that the total cost of the reduction process is minimised."
"This method allows random variation of any parameter of the mathematical programming problem."
"Practical operating difficulties faced in the joint use of a Computer by Engineering and Accounting personnel."
"Increases in gasoline prices (by imposition of taxes, for instance) are much more effective in reducing carbon emissions, whereas battery-price-reducing policy interventions are more effective for reducing oil dependence."
"Retailers often use promotions to boost the sales of the different items by leveraging the cross-item effects."
"While these models are presented in the context of a developing nation, the concepts, attributes and formalisms are not limited to such cases."
"This effect reduces the fee that speculators are willing to pay for trading."
"Inefficiencies resulting from the statistical estimation of control variable coefficients and the problem of confidence interval generation are treated."
"Additionally, a number of program runs that simulate the cost impact of patient load and/or service mix changes are presented."
"The heuristic decision rules investigated vary from simple list processing procedures that consider a single attribute of each work task for assignment, to procedures which are optimal seeking, but which have had their search terminated through the imposition of a limit on the amount of computation time that can be devoted to each search."
"Potential organizational prescriptions following from each perspective are identified (e.g., selection, placement, training)."
"”Section five brings us to the heart of our discussion: an estimation of the likely impacts of better understanding of organisational cybernetics upon management value systems."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"Thus, as an antidote to conformity in our experiments, high individual ability seems more effective than group diversity."
"Further, when the opportunity cost for the buyer's resource is zero, then in the substitutes case the buyer will commit all of its resource, while in the complements case the buyer may withhold some resources to screen the supplier type."
"Finally, the systems concept is related to the traditional functions of a business, i.e., planning, organizing, control, and communications."
"Using a set up cost allocation procedure, the maximum of the continuous solution of the decomposed problem is obtained."
"The use of the model in the situational normativism approach to planning under discontinuity is discussed."
"We investigate the impact of a decline in the IT cost and the switching cost on IT investment strategies of firms."
"We find that workload has a U-shaped impact on operational risk error rate."
"Objectives and approach of paper."
"The optimal mast-and-sail compensation plan implies nonmonotonicity, where the agent can be less likely to receive a bonus for achieving a better outcome."
"It is assumed that the weights of the demand points have a multivariate normal distribution."
"For the long-horizon problem, we develop an efficient solution procedure to simultaneously select influencers and schedule their message postings over a planning horizon."
"The aim of this article is to stimulate discussion of such structures, especially the two most common kinds found in algebraic style languages: sets and relations."
"A functional equation is obtained from a dynamic programming formulation of the problem."
"274, $9.00—reviewed by Sebastian B. Littauer;—Queues, Inventories and Maintenance."
"An algorithm is described for parallel sequencing on two machines of a set of operations with partial ordering constraints."
"1989, “Allocating uncertain and unresponsive resources: An experimental approach,” RAND Journal of Economics, Vol."
"Through a game-theoretic analysis of three different preannouncement strategies (formal, informal, and no-preannouncement) in a duopoly, our research furthers the understanding of externality-related information on expectation formation and the associated competitive dynamics."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1964, $10.60, 268 pp—reviewed by Malcolm H. Gotterer;—Wilde, Douglass J., Optimum seeking methods."
"The eventual purpose of this research is to construct a simulator capability suitable for experimentation concerning coordination in a decentralized resource allocation process involving R&D projects."
"If so, how much data is required, and is this realistic given the size of data sets typically used in marketing analyses?"
"We develop a model of such a system and compare its performance to three alternative systems: quick-response-only systems, enhanced-design-only systems, and traditional systems (which lack both enhanced design and quick response capabilities)."
"Film studios occasionally withhold movies from critics before their release."
"Prevention is most appropriate when there are relatively few heavy users, e.g. in the beginning of an epidemic."
"This study has important implications for the nascent scholarship on corporate activism, as well as the scholarship on strategic human capital management."
"The sensitivity analysis required to explore the complicated effects of weather is important in evaluating situations when man-machine strategies are constructed to arrive at optimal operations."
"This includes the identification of relevant problem attributes and the adoption of evaluative concepts such as computational efficiency and analytic and systems effectiveness."
"We propose a new measure of contribution to assess the judges' performance relative to the group and use positive contributors to build a weighting model for aggregating forecasts."
"Upper and lower limits on the decisions and constraints are also specified."
"More importantly, with network effects an increased market share does not translate into higher profits."
"Key to the analysis is joining the presence of a positive network externality with the fact that piracy increases the total number of program users."
"A competitive decision support system that has been utilized in a pilot version in a corporate application is described and evaluated."
"It solved for the first time the famous 10 × 10 job-shop problem proposed by Muth and Thompson in 1963."
"Controlling for various firm characteristics, we find that group affiliates are more innovative than standalones."
"On the probability distribution of the optimum of a random linear program."
"To study the viability of offering a spot market, we model the provider’s profit optimization problem by combining queuing theory and game theory to analyze the equilibria of the resulting queuing system."
"Although the computational experience is somewhat disappointing for some of these problems, the results provide greater insight into the problems."
"For Cournot retail competition, we show that information sharing benefits a supply chain when (1) the production diseconomy is large and (2) either competition is less intense or at least one retailer's information is less accurate."
"In this study, we investigate whether the greater use of stock options in the IT industry can be explained on the basis of general economic relationships that apply to firms in all industries."
"Given that the entire project must be completed in a prescribed time interval, it is desired to find job times that minimize the total project cost."
"Most important, they justify increased human capital investments to fuel future growth in this important component of the global economy."
"Our computational tests show that the best feasible solution found from this procedure is very close to optimal."
"However, in many systems, particularly service and professional work, judgment is frequently required to determine how much time to allocate to a task."
"Using mechanism design theory, we derive the optimal contract menu offered by the manufacturer."
"Ford, L. R. Jr. 1956."
"A quadratic programming approach is used to generate mean-variance efficient frontiers that reflect the covariability of returns on insurance lines and assets."
"Taken together, they also suggest some broad directions for further work aimed at making dynamics a more important part of the future of the field of strategy."
"In addition to a Poisson arrival process and general service-time distribution, provisions for balking and reneging are included in the models, yielding a variety of applications."
"The insight for management: New ideas can be rapidly gained (leaked) when key employees are recruited into (away from) an organization."
"Analysis of variance and stepwise regressions are employed to study the effect of the number of variables, number of constraints and degree of constraint slackness."
"Examples include mortgages, credit cards, and auto, student, and business loans."
"A computer-based model is used to demonstrate the methodology's application to a specific hospital."
"Higher organizational IQ is associated with higher profitability and growth."
"This approach is in the form of guideposts which, in a very general way, may indicate to people without a background in the data processing field, major requirements to consider or problems which will be encountered in connection with this employment."
"An experimental comparison of techniques for the assignment of facilities to locations."
"Pp."
"The model is then estimated using an empirical dataset of 65 software maintenance projects from a large commercial bank."
"A type of production scheduling problem with sequencing considerations existing in several manufacturing facilities in chemical industry is formulated as a mixed integer programming problem and solved using a branch and bound search algorithm."
"The results of the study show that the frequencies of the 10 JIT management practices implemented differ between the two groups of manufacturer size, and an association exists between the JIT practices implemented and manufacturer size."
"The space of mechanisms being optimized includes deferred acceptance and top trading cycles as special cases."
"We explore several debiasing techniques suggested by these notions and also find that self-reported ratings of empathy moderate the magnitude of regressive mispredictions."
"Thus, CERT/CC and similar bodies acting in the public interest can use disclosure to influence the behavior of vendors and reduce social cost."
"This model accurately represents the problem, and also provides information regarding the issue of storing and retrieving empty cars."
"We find that the frequency of lucky numerical stock listing codes exceeds what would be expected by chance."
"In this note, we consider one-dimensional integration problems in which the integrand is twice continuously differentiable."
"We also find that in many cases the posttrial utility of a drug is greater than its corresponding pretrial utility, lending partial empirical support to the prevailing industry practice of spending on various activities (e.g., sampling to physicians) needed to get potential patients to try a new drug."
"White Lies (p. 723)Sanjiv Erat, Uri Gneezy“It's just a little white lie; it's for the best.”"
"The objective of TIMS."
"However the Editor has now suggested that a published statement from me would be appropriate to close the matter."
"p. 177)Andrew M. Davis, Elena Katok, Anthony M. KwasnicaDo auctioneers pick optimal reserve prices?"
"The bootstrap method was also used to determine the persistence of skewness in stock returns."
"We find that banning NCAs for hourly workers increased hourly wages by 2%–3% on average."
"This paper presents a consumer-based methodology for new product pricing and positioning in the face of price competition."
"We show that the production characteristics of both the bidder and the target matter in a significant way."
"We show empirically that major and regional airlines did not terminate their relational contracts after the 2008 crisis but rather, restructured the scope of such contracts in a way that restored their credibility."
"In the first part, the present stage of development of management science in the United Kingdom is briefly discussed; in the second part are given a few “case histories,” stressing the methodology; the third part discusses a few recent features of management science in the United Kingdom which seem to be interesting."
"failure"
"We experimentally investigate, in an unstructured bargaining environment with commonly known money payoffs, the attraction effect and compromise effect (AE and CE) in bargaining, namely, a tendency for bargainers to agree to an intermediate option (CE) or to an option that dominates another option (AE)."
"We also discuss means for obtaining sensitivity analysis with respect to due dates and service times distributions parameters."
"An algorithm is described for the solution of nonseparable convex optimization problems."
"Entrepreneurs increasingly use reward-based crowdfunding to finance innovation projects through a large number of customer investments."
"In this study neither the Japanese parent's R&D nor its advertising intensities had any significant impact on their ownership policies."
"Due to the complexity of optimum replacement problems over finite lime horizons various asymptotic criteria based upon fixed age replacement policies have been employed in the literature and in practice."
"First, we show that target customer density explains geographic variation over and above the impact due to the number of potential customers."
"The facts of interest are:1."
"The method allows easy inclusion of relevant subjective and empirical information about the forecasts, while providing weights which are: (i) intuitively meaningful, and (ii) not dependent upon large numbers of observations of prior forecast accuracy."
"An important problem confronting decision makers in modern organizations is the determination of an optimal product-mix (or service-mix) in situations where learning effects are present."
"They evaluate how such risks affect slack (resources in excess of current performance), aspirations (based on past performance or on the performance of other organizations), and survival."
"In this paper, we extend RL to a more general class of decision tasks that are referred to as semi-Markov decision problems (SMDPs)."
"This survey study investigates JIT implementation differences between small and large U.S. manufacturers."
"The objective of this paper is to better understand the factors that competitive news providers consider to design or deliver news programmes."
"Millions of employees around the world work in irregular rosters."
"Basic research projects often require information from colleagues who are working at locations far away, perhaps in another country."
"Tomorrow they will receive one fruit that will be an orange or an apple with equal probability."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.2075.This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"This reduction is used here to give a cutting-plane algorithm for solving the positive 0-1 polynomial program of finding a 0-1 vector that maximizes a nondecreasing linear function subject to the restrictions that several polynomials do not exceed given numbers."
"The resulting problem is called a deterministic equivalent for the original problem since (a) the originally defined objective replaces all random variables by corresponding expected values and (b) the remaining constraints do not contain any random terms."
"Clearly this period has been a triumph for the free enterprise system and the traditional concepts and techniques of management."
"To address our research question, we use a unique data set containing actual market transaction data for approximately 7,000 pay-per-bid auctions."
"This model of competition in a regulated industry considers the interaction of seat share, market share and profitability as major determinants of policy."
"Also, we find that the likelihood of recalls decreases with prior recall experience, indicating the presence of learning."
"This issue was examined in the context of a competitive business game where human teams were pitted against two kinds of simple-minded arbitrary decision rules: one where rules were applied consistently (“arbitrary-consistent”); the other where rules were subject to a random component (“arbitrary-random”)."
"We start by investigating the presence and nature of contagion effects by defining alternative cross-country networks and testing their relative strength."
"The resulting reduction in borrowing capacity affects significantly both investment and employment: for firms whose effective capital requirements increase by 1 percentage point, fixed assets are reduced by 1.1%, capital expenditures by 2.7%, and employment by 0.8%.This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"A heuristic method based on market simulation is also shown to work pretty well."
"The paper concludes with an example of the use of the chosen data-generating process in a decision framework, and deals briefly with some issues of implementation."
"We demonstrate the value of our framework by applying it to DFS contests during the 2017 National Football League season."
"Book Reviews—Shooman, Martin L., Probabilistic Reliability: an Engineering Approach."
"If each node has an assigned weight, which may be positive or negative, the maximal closure problem is one of finding a closure with the largest possible sum of node weights."
"In all the experiments “first come first serve” appears the best in the sense that convergence to the minimum is fastest and the smallest."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"Mathematical validity or convergence of this technique is shown under fairly general conditions."
"The Graduate programmes at Lancaster and Sussex have much in common."
"The theory includes many realistic elements, such as salespeople’s multidimensional effort, heterogeneity in ability, product focus, and forward-looking behavior."
"We also apply our aggregation technique to three sets of return predictors proposed in the literature and find that the forecasting ability of combined predictors in two cases cannot be explained by p-hacking."
"In particular, customers arrive over time, are strategic in timing their purchases, and are heterogeneous along two dimensions: their valuation for the firm’s product and their willingness to wait before purchasing or leaving."
"about his paper."
"When it is monotonic nonincreasing, it is proven here that the ratio improvement of maximum probability is a decreasing function of the number of units."
"The insight for management: Buy art to hang on your wall, not to pay for your retirement."
"The model generates expressions for the possible magnitudes of errors in selected outputs."
"As a comparison, we show that the approximate solution can be quite inaccurate for some initial states and thus demonstrate an advantage of the exact solution."
"Under the assumption of a pure cycle reordering mode, simple expressions are derived for minimum storage space requirements and the associated optimal delivery schedules."
"The thesis of this article is that a gap currently exists between “managers” on the one hand and many “scientists” doing research in and on business under the banner of Management Science."
"We propose a personalized ranking mechanism based on a user’s search and click history."
"Wagner and Whitin [Wagner, H. M., T. M. Whitin."
"Ambar G. Rao and Arthur Shapiro have proposed a scheme for adaptive smoothing using evolutionary spectra."
"We show that a time-pacing product introduction strategy results in a production policy with a simple base-stock form and performs well relative to the optimal policy."
"Because the value model is quadratic the data processing procedure uses a linear minimum-variance estimate of the conditional mean of s which depends only on the prior moments of the state vector and the noise associated with the measurement."
"In response to the more efficient pricing of stocks, firms become less opportunistic in stock repurchases and offerings."
"Finally, Part III considers the main properties of the “basic probability distribution”."
"Implications of the findings regarding firm strategy are discussed."
"Overall, our evidence suggests that signals associated with changes in the type of public information constitute a channel of value creation in asset management."
"A note: hidden nonlinearities in the application of goal programming."
"First, we introduce performance-based regularization (PBR), where the idea is to constrain the sample variances of the estimated portfolio risk and return, which steers the solution toward one associated with less estimation error in the performance."
"This game is usually not concave, so we want to know what consolidation combinations determine when this cost can be fairly divided, using the core of the game."
"Instrumental variables and corroborating regressions suggest that our estimates are conservative—the magnitude of the effect generally rises after accounting for reverse causality and measurement error."
"In the third problem, the “classical” models of CPM and PERT are reviewed, together with a discussion of generalized activity networks and the viewing of GERT as a signal flow graph of a semi-Markov process."
"In this paper, we resolve the conflicting-objectives puzzle and demonstrate that, surprisingly, the firm's resulting profits in this setting of conflict can be higher than those obtained when the decisions of the managers are perfectly coordinated."
"For MBA students, at the top, the best performing group is two men and one woman."
"Finally, we allow for investors to coordinate their divestment decisions when both firms report unfavorable costs and show an improvement to both firm profits and consumer surplus."
"The closed-loop strategy is time-variant and depends linearly on the actual market share."
"This paper not only describes the substantive results of the effort, but more importantly, the methodology that was utilized and developed to achieve those results."
"However, for large problems, the partial enumeration algorithm requires an excessive amount of computational effort to locate all feasible designs."
"Finally, the explicit introduction of judgment and argument by analogy when direct evidence is unavailable is a third way in which the paper differs from earlier works."
"The insight for management: Charitable behavior is more likely to become a habit if initial gifts impose some cost on the giver."
"An unlimited supply of raw production items is available at the first station, and each item passes through all of die stations in sequence."
"An essential shortcoming of the multiplicative rule is that it does not allow the decision maker to model his beliefs about the dependence between his assessment and the expert's."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"The paper outlines, however, some steps which can be taken now to help assure that potential system users develop realistic expectations."
"We (i) make suggestions on how to design such “asset-backed” ICOs—including optimal token floating and pricing for both utility and equity tokens (a.k.a."
"Scientists and engineers in small firms are far more likely than their large firm counterparts to enter entrepreneurship."
"Next, quantile regressions document larger average price appreciations (and higher volatilities) in more expensive price brackets."
"Modern forecasting algorithms use the wisdom of crowds to produce forecasts better than those of the best identifiable expert."
"But what is the most efficient tool for microenterprise development?"
"Moreover, successful and failed entrepreneurs possess different information about how to design contracts."
"The exercise was the Carnegie Tech Management Game; the players were students in a graduate management program who played the game."
"Models of decision-making in multi-level, hierarchical systems in the literature have been restricted to structures where the system is strictly pyramidal in nature."
"Optimal Decision Rules for Government and Industry."
"This paper has three objectives: (1) to construct a theoretical model that aids in evaluating marketing expertise, (2) to use that theoretical model to identify factors influencing the value of marketing expertise, and (3) to empirically test the model by observing how different market conditions influence whether companies emphasize marketing expertise."
"Communications are read for interest in issues that have importance for all who practice and use management science."
"A firm that does not face any uncertainty can use pricing strategies such as price commitment and price matching to alleviate the strategic waiting of customers."
"Methods of developing such valuations are illustrated in sample analyses."
"We also examine the limiting behavior of the estimates of the performance measure and its derivatives which are obtained when an importance sampling scheme known as balanced failure biasing is used."
"The data employed reflect actual travellers' use of interurban transport modes in Greece."
"These comparative statics imply that, in contrast to single-firm results, even unsystematic, nondissipative shocks to the system will lower the total value of the system and may lower the value of the equity of some of the individual system firms."
"We find that price and assortment share are the two most important point-of-sale factors in determining a brand’s purchase share."
"Mathematica, Inc. is pleased to invite applications for and inquiries about the Oskar Morgenstern Distinguished Fellowship at Mathematica for the Academic Year 1987/1979."
"In particular, the (expected) channel profit loss, compared with that of a centralized system, increases with demand price elasticity and decreases with retailer's cost share, while the profit share extracted by the retailer decreases with price elasticity and increases with retailer's cost share."
"Sensitivity analysis and “what if” features permit easy modification of the problem for further analysis."
"While product performance improvement through revolution is associated with research experience and with parallel experimentation capacity, improvement through evolution is associated with project experience and minimum experimental iteration time."
"This paper exploits a representation of the Friedman–Savage utility premium (Friedman, M., L. J. Savage."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, operations management."
"Capacity expansion and shipment costs are assumed to be concave and no inventory of stock is allowed."
"Insufficient variation in data provides a bound on admissible disaggregations in cases where substitution in fixed proportions is incompatible with a priori information concerning the production process."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2989.This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"Portfolio Dynamics for Customers of a Multiservice Provider (p. 471)David A. Schweidel, Eric T. Bradlow, Peter S. FaderAT&T, Fidelity, Verizon, Time Warner, and other multidimensional service providers want to know: How much is a multiproduct customer worth, and does that worth change over time?"
"We demonstrate, via simulation, convergence to the theoretically anticipated equilibrium, while addressing certain issues related to censored-sampling that arise because of abandonments."
"The agents may, for example, be divisional managers, market researchers, OR consultants, financial analysts, corporate auditors, research scientists or political pollsters."
"We examine whether ownership of intellectual property rights (IPR) or downstream capabilities is effective in encouraging entry into markets complementary to a proprietary platform by preventing the platform owner from expropriating rents from start-ups."
"Production scheduling by the transportation method of linear programming."
"Each task has a deadline; the individual loss associated with it is a function of amount of time between the deadline and the time of completion if the former precedes the latter, and zero otherwise."
"The bandwidth packing (BWP) problem is a combinatorially difficult problem arising in the area of telecommunications."
"For the straight-line case (a restriction of the shoreline case), our analysis shows that the problem of minimizing the maximum completion time can be solved exactly in quadratic time by dynamic programming."
"It also enables managers to control the distribution of personnel, so that programmed changes in force manning levels can be implemented gradually without disrupting individual career development."
"The authors find a positive relationship between the number of similar ideas and idea value: the ideas that are least similar to others are not generally the most valuable ones."
"Averaging estimates is an effective way to improve accuracy when combining expert judgments, integrating group members’ judgments, or using advice to modify personal judgments."
"The extension of this problem (to consider probabilistic demands and multiple periods) complicates the problem considerably."
"An application of the SD rules provides an effective analytical alternative to subjective judgment in determining debt timing policy when there are uncertain future costs."
"The reason is that the group is unlikely to move away from a state in which one alternative is very unpopular."
"The smoothing constant is determined as a function of the maximum change in the various frequency components of successive spectra."
"The results indicate that such an approach would make the solution of large-scale quadratic assignment problems feasible."
"The central topic of the meeting is “Management Science and Long-Range Planning,” and the sessions will focus on the impact of this subject to business, and to Government."
"This research develops and implements a dyad-level procedure for testing whether the outcomes of buyer-seller negotiations correspond to settlements prescribed by Nash's theory of cooperative games."
"These formulations are obtained by exploiting hidden convexity of the problem."
"Text analysis of impact notes posted by teachers suggests that hundreds of thousands of young students are being engaged in discussions about positive affirmation and cross-cultural acceptance."
"This paper presents a multistage supply chain model that is based on Autoregressive Integrated Moving Average (ARIMA) time-series models."
"Generally speaking the ratios of labor and capital inputs to total output during this period do not show the kinds of “substitution effects” that might have been expected during the period covered."
"This interactive formulation relating past and future expenditures allows a model user greater flexibility in specifying the relationship between advertising and sales."
"We propose a formal model of status-based competition that contrasts two competing alternatives."
"It should be conducted properly, since experimenting with selling prices can be costly."
"In this brief comment on education and management science I will focus my attention on what the universities should provide, recognizing (1) that this is only one part of a management scientist's education and (2) that not all management scientists fit into a single mold."
"The differences appear to be relatively slight, at least for well-diversified portfolios."
"But these forecasts must be accurate and unbiased to be useful."
"It is also seen that the regional distribution of Department of Defense R and D expenditures tends to be extremely elastic with respect to the regional distribution of scientific talent."
"This paper formulates a model for determining the optimal allocation of a given advertising budget over M interacting market segments and a time domain of T periods."
"This paper was accepted by Gérard P. Cachon, accounting."
"This paper: (1) extends this scheme to virtually any track and initial wealth level; (2) develops a modified system for multiple horse entries; (3) allows for multiple bets; (4) analyzes the effects of the track take and breakage on profits; (5) presents recent results using this system; and (6) considers the extent of the inefficiency, i.e., how much can be bet before the market becomes efficient?"
"In addition, we demonstrate numerically that transaction costs can have a first-order effect on liquidity premia that is largely comparable to empirical findings."
"failure"
"All stock enters the system through the depot and is distributed to the retailers by vehicles of limited constant capacity."
"The model is meant to be prescriptive, although it rationalizes several anomalies observed in time preference."
"This is a typical problem for programming."
"Readings in Marketing; The Qualitative and Quantitative Areas."
"When individuals earn money for a charity, higher wages instead lead to lower effort with substantial targeting behavior."
"Similarly, although vendor economic distance has a positive influence on the outsourcing firm's shareholder value, vendor cultural distance has a negative influence."
"The central feature of these latter policies is that the interval between replacements is adapted to new information as it accumulates."
"We examine the effectiveness of two group structures for such tasks—the team structure, in which the group works together in time and space, and the hybrid structure, in which individuals first work independently and then work together."
"In addition, imitation is both conventional and atypical: a new movie usually follows a stream of similar movies yet simultaneously combines atypical elements from movies outside this stream."
"The design structure matrix (DSM) is useful in identifying where iteration is necessary."
"The disappearance is associated with the changing market environment: increased institutional investment, decreased trading costs, improved liquidity, and enhanced regulations on corporate governance and information disclosure."
"The approach taken follows modern axiomatic theory by proposing conditions on a relation “is at least as risky as” between pairs of probability distributions over an outcome variable."
"The framework is used to identify where research findings about knowledge management converge and where gaps in our understanding exist."
"Often, strong disagreement exists regarding relative merit of various projects competing for limited resources."
"We also derive precise conditions under which the seller can increase its profit by adopting a proactive strategy, i.e., adjusting its marketing strategies even before consumer reviews become available."
"First, the field of application is wider because it applies to two important classes of multiple criteria decision problems: those for which the feasible set is convex and those for which the feasible set is discrete."
"Yet, frequently what we hold to be universal is quite specific when examined with scientific scrutiny."
"VI 18–25.),"
"From an implementation perspective, they lead to powerful automated systems."
"We show, via simulation studies, that our model is able to capture the inpatient flow dynamics at hourly resolution and can evaluate the impact of operational policies on both the daily and time-of-day waiting time performance."
"We wish to determine feasible replenishment strategies (i.e., inventory rules and routing patterns) minimising (infinite horizon) long-run average transportation and inventory costs."
"In effect, a family of DEA methods based on relaxed convexity assumptions is identified."
"After validating our findings with empirical evidence, we discuss the business and policy implications, highlighting the need for firms and policy makers to balance between the protection of privacy and the recognition/rectification of disparate impact."
"Demand in a region in a time period must be satisfied, either by the current production capacity there or by a shipment from the other region."
"The authors analyze new product development by three international manufacturers that dominate a segment of the electronic component industry."
"In this paper, we investigate whether this is rational behavior on the part of the call center and what the implications are for customers."
"This paper applies approximation methods recently developed for networks of queues to obtain approximation formulas and useful heuristic design principles."
"This paper examines the relationship between research and development peoples' perceptions of uncertainty in their firm's competitive environment and their patterns of technical communication."
"Among the 17% of patients in our sample who experienced occupancy above the tipping point during the first seven days of their hospital stay, high occupancy accounted for one in seven deaths."
"As with the original algorithm, our new algorithm is robust to bias."
"These models typically involve only seven of the 24 dimensions of organizational effectiveness with a single dimension carrying the most weight in judgments."
"A large class of such problems appears in computer modelling under the name of round-robin models and foreground-background models."
"We apply the proposed model to a data set of 4,795 consumer automobile purchases."
"The paper deals with the assortment problem in a particular case—that of structural steel beams."
"Instead we consider piecewise concave cost functions to find the form of the minimum cost production schedule."
"Next, an interval surrounding this point over which the point is global is determined and eliminated."
"The handshake is particularly effective in games with strategic complements."
"The model has then been extended to incorporate more than one resource restriction, for which certain parametric solutions have been obtained."
"We also find that the performance payoff to IT investments is greater in related diversification than in unrelated diversification."
"We provide guidelines and insights on how to set effective discount parameters, and when not to expect much from them."
"Failure biasing is a useful importance sampling technique for the simulation of such systems."
"Techniques of simulation and stochastic linear programming (using Weingartner's Basic Horizon model of capital budgeting) are employed to compute the expected return (with an associated measure of the risk involved) of different portfolios of projects."
"The temporary drop is also more pronounced for firms with industry dominance."
"In this paper the solution to the problem of placing n connected points (or nodes) in r-dimensional Euclidean space is given."
"Our methodology combines empirical approaches, analytical modeling, and Monte Carlo simulation."
"It is particularly suited for short and irregular time series data."
"Many studies have found that healthcare recommendations are affected directly by the race of the patient."
"An analysis and review of the basic problems associated with the efficient operation of production and assembly lines, and the evaluation of the effectiveness of internal storage."
"An alternative Dynamic Programming algorithm is presented for this problem."
"We examine cooperative behavior when large sums of money are at stake, using data from the television game show Golden Balls."
"We find that the lift on product views is greater for utilitarian products compared with hedonic products as well as for experience products compared with search products."
"In this paper we analyze dual sourcing in the context of the “reorder point, order quantity” inventory model with constant demand and stochastic lead times and compare it with single sourcing."
"Although offering local public transportation is a political and financial duty of governments, the service provision is outsourced to a private operator, while the government retains a control position, given to a regulatory agency."
"Our setting is unique as we study a period in which the incumbents’ reputation was extremely poor and the benefit of more fee income from inflating ratings was low."
"This note shows how this problem can be solved by identifying minimum cuts with optimal selection."
"It reduces the need of employing a computer, and should be of use to management concerned with new methods of cargo movement and with vehicle procurement."
"Management Sci.18 (8, April) B 478–B 481."
"We consider a setting where managers manipulate the firms’ real activities in anticipation of insider trading opportunities."
"This paper is dedicated to the memory of Bye Wynne, who never held back from life, charging those he touched with his vigor, heart, and mind."
"The conclusion of the conference was that despite some opposition, the use of these methods was to be encouraged."
"The hypothesized relationships were tested with a sample of competitive moves among U.S. airlines."
"Ing."
"The outcomes showed strong consistencies over pentads and sharp differences among games."
"An aggregate economy that exhibits risk aversion does not imply an economy of individual risk averters."
"Both the treatment and control groups receive 10 sessions of general training on how to obtain feedback from the market and gauge the feasibility of their idea."
"The taxonomy was developed with standard methods of cluster analysis, and is based on the relative importance attached to eleven competitive capabilities defining the manufacturing task of 164 large American manufacturing business units."
"As part of a larger study of strategy formulation, the two top executives in each of 126 kibbutz-owned industrial enterprises evaluated their organization's strategic type as Defender."
"To understand the costs and benefits of marketing research, we account for the lost opportunities to produce these goods."
"We illustrate the workability and implications of the model by applying it to some real-world scenarios in the pharmaceutical industry, and by comparing its normative pipeline recommendations against actual pipelines."
"A suitable decomposition heuristic, that is based on solving subproblems defined for overlapping time segments, is developed to solve this model."
"An application from a bank illustrates how our framework can be used in practice."
"Analysis of over half a million patented inventions supports these arguments: Individuals working alone, especially those without affiliation to organizations, are less likely to achieve breakthroughs and more likely to invent particularly poor outcomes."
"A general econometric model for allocation of a set of activities to a set of spaces is proposed."
"Management Sci.14 (2, October) B-92–B-101."
"10/(U.K.) (paper);—Carsberg, B. U. and Edey, H. C. (Editors), Modern Financial Management, Selected Readings."
"Management Sci.23 (3, November) 332–333.]"
"We find that decorated theater stars significantly affect the financial success of theater shows, supporting the MacDonald version of the superstar hypothesis."
"This study examines a boundary condition of these conflicting predictions."
"In particular, it is assumed that the delay tolerance of each customer is zero with probability β, and is exponentially distributed with mean α−1 conditional on the delay tolerance being positive."
"Also, a numerical example is provided to illustrate the total procedure described."
"A growing empirical literature uses patent citations as a quality-adjusted measure for innovation, despite concerns about the validity of this measure."
"A small number of actual forecasters are studied through analysis of historical data to see whether the data-generating process for forecast changes is quasi-Markovian."
"This mechanism’s robustness is explored in further experiments."
"These established concepts, of course, themselves originally evolved as new responses to new business challenges."
"But managers often take a step towards the research men by learning a little science."
"We show that at any given time, the optimal price decreases with inventory."
"To limit the opportunities for managers to divert capital funds for private benefit, firms use their managerial accounting systems and audits of their capital projects."
"Specifically, option bounds are obtained by solving mathematical programs where preference structures on prices are represented by constraints."
"This again departs from the conclusions of the earlier work of Eisenberg and Noe, where in the absence of default losses there would be no incentive for solvent banks to rescue failing banks."
"Many large companies and governmental agencies transmit a large quantity of long distance communications between facilities."
"We find that past performance is predictive of current performance in all sports, but the effect is stronger in subjective outcome sports versus objective outcome sports."
"We employ the lower partial moment as a risk measure for downside loss aversion and compare mean-variance (M-V) and mean-lower partial moment (M-LPM) optimal portfolios under nonnormal asset return distributions."
"We use hospital operational factors as instrumental variables to handle the endogeneity of the admission decisions and identify important specification issues that are required for this approach to be valid."
"How Costly Is Diversity?"
"Regardless of computational significance, however, it is of interest that there should be such a close relationship between the two traditionally distinct areas of dynamic programming and linear programming."
"By using networks to characterize both product structure and communication patterns, we examine the impact of mismatches between these on new product development (NPD) performance."
"While the nature of substantive implications is largely unchanged, the magnitudes of the different effects are nevertheless affected. ("
"With a push contract there is a single wholesale price and the retailer, by ordering his entire supply before the selling season, bears all of the supply chain's inventory risk."
"Our results are based on an LP-rounding approach; we provide the first constant approximation algorithm for the OWMR problem and improve the previous results for the JRP."
"These results are not consistent with risk-aversion, risk-seeking preferences, Prospect Theory preferences, waste aversion, stockout aversion, or the consequences of underestimating opportunity costs."
"For a self-financing business enterprise (or for an underdeveloped economy subject to constraints on the availability of foreign investment funds), three theorems are presented."
"This study was undertaken to evaluate a complex management simulation exercise as an environment for learning."
"A new type of parametric space, which arises naturally in its formulation, is used."
"As in Experiment 1, differences in choice and in risk perception were systematically related, such that the majority of investors had the same preference for perceived risk in both series of decisions."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"The growing use of computers for mechanized inventory control and production planning has brought with it the need for explicit forecasts of sales and usage for individual products and materials."
"The empirical findings are consistent with our analytical results."
"Noncompete Covenants: Incentives to Innovate or Impediments to Growth (p. 425)Sampsa Samila, Olav SorensonAre noncompete covenants bad for business?"
"Under such a policy, orders for some retailers may be postponed or expedited so that they can be batched with other retailers’ orders, which results in savings in ordering and shipping costs."
"We discuss managerial implications, and how the model can be used to address various circumstances."
"Initial Public Offerings as Lotteries: Skewness Preference and First-Day Returns (p. 432)T. Clifton Green, Byoung-Hyoun HwangIs getting in on a hot IPO like winning the lottery?"
"Prospect theory: An analysis of decision under risk."
"—Editorial by Martin Kenneth Starr, Columbia University—Letter to the Editor—Free For All by Rudolf Borchardt, New York—Letter to the Editor—Free For All by Thomas P. Nacinovich, Jr., New York—Letter to the Editor—Free For All by Morton J. Netzorg, Detroit—Announcement"
"Another decision variable for the retailer lies in the user interface design, which allows the retailer to either facilitate or to hinder the haggling of the consumer."
"Quality costs are a joint and nonlinear function of various parameters of the manufacturing process."
"Consistent with the importance of liquidity incentives following the IPO, we find that firms are significantly more likely to provide early guidance when their IPOs are backed by venture capital or private equity investors."
"This study investigated the effects of social status and perceived expertise on the emphasis of unique and shared knowledge within functionally heterogeneous groups."
"If its value is less than maximal, we may replace it with a perfect (maximal value) unit."
"This paper generalizes the seminal Cox-Ross-Rubinstein (CRR) binomial model by adding a stretch parameter."
"It tries to answer three questions asked by managers and management scientists when they hear the phrase “long-range planning”: What long-range planning is and what it is not; why it is needed; and what is needed to do long-range planning."
"After the introduction of a suitable optimization criterion, it is shown that stationary policies are not necessarily optimal and that optimal finite horizon policies do not necessarily converge to an optimal infinite horizon policy."
"What is the best way to design tournaments for status, in which individuals labor primarily for the esteem of their peers?"
"The editors of Management Science acknowledge all of our 2017 reviewers and guest associate editors, who generously provided expert counsel and guidance on a voluntary basis."
"The treatment might not be successful, and this possibility reduces risk-sensitive patients’ incentives to purchase the drug."
"The phenomenon is prevalent in all three types of market makers' accounts and across different types of market participants."
"We use the bilateral monopoly setting to analyze six scenarios: three increasingly general contracts (wholesale-pricing schemes, two-part linear schemes, and twopart nonlinear schemes), each under full and incomplete information about the buyer's cost structure."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"In this paper, we develop a simultaneous model of consumer brand choice and negotiated price in the highly relevant marketing context of automobile transactions."
"New York: Hafner Publishing Co., 1967, 191 pp.,"
"John Wiley and Sons, Inc., New York, 33–97.]"
"We also find that a higher percentage of target analysts choosing to cover the merged firm is associated with better operating and long-term stock performance of that firm, but we do not find this relation with acquirer analysts."
"The authors model trust as a state of knowledge or belief that is the result of the frequency and quality of communication in a large network."
"The data are consistent with the main findings of the model."
"We find that in equilibrium a more cost-efficient firm chooses higher quality than does an inefficient firm."
"We describe an equilibrium model of peer-to-peer product sharing, or collaborative consumption, where individuals with varying usage levels make decisions about whether or not to own a homogeneous product."
"We use features of the bounds to construct a simple and closed form approximation that we show to be always within the generated lower and upper bounds and is exact under the asymptotic regimes considered."
"The objective is to minimize average cost per period over an infinite horizon."
"In an extensive simulation study and an empirical application, we show that the attribute model can recover complex heterogeneity structures, making it dominant over traditional (vector) finite mixture regression models and a strong contender compared to mixture-of-normals models for modeling heterogeneity."
"Yet, there is widespread disagreement as to its meaning."
"These differences are robust within same cohorts of funds."
"High utilization can improve financial performance, but causes congestion, which increases throughput time."
"Surprisingly, we identify sufficient conditions of the firms’ marginal costs such that uniform subsidies are optimal, even if the firms’ efficiency levels are arbitrarily different."
"For each product, the unit inventory cost at the supplier is equal to the unit inventory cost at the retailers."
"The purpose of the “Investment 85” model is to shed light on the evolution, up to 1985, of the optimal structure of electricity production equipment in France and to outline its geographical distribution by main regions."
"Some of these questions are confronted in the present study."
"This paper examines the characteristics of an effective development process in one such environment—the Internet software industry."
"The proposed model enables managers to predict in advance the sales of sequentially launched new drugs and plan the new product launch and strategy accordingly."
"Specifically, we examine foreign firms’ stock returns around key tax reform events."
"would-be arrivals balk at long waiting lines."
"Furthermore, greater differences of opinion and tighter short-sales constraints are significant predictors of valuation differences between conglomerates and pure plays."
"To investigate this, we conduct a standard information cascade experiment and find that RTs do contain information that is not revealed by choice outcomes alone."
"We consider two types of bidirectional contracts, namely, the ex post transfer payment contract and the ex ante capacity reservation contract."
"The model is formulated as a linear integer goal program, utilizing service levels for six categories of WIC participants as goals."
"The unobserved costs may also be serially persistent."
"Specifically, an order placed at time t by a customer with demand lead time T should be fulfilled by period t + T; failure to fulfill it within the time window [t, t + T] is penalized."
"The call center is modeled as a multiclass processor shared loss system, where the interacting effects of human, telecommunication, and information technology resources are explicitly incorporated."
"Both strategies are applicable when there are more variables to be screened than there are available screening runs."
"The analysis may also apply in unregulated contexts, where the value of a completed project is affected by taxation, the possibility of nationalization, or possible competitors' actions that create uncertain restrictions on potential profits."
"Besides extending the research on online reputation to the markets of customized production, this study shows contract form as an important boundary condition for the effectiveness of reputational information."
"These repair operations may occur simultaneously."
"Our evidence is consistent with representativeness bias affecting investor interpretation of consistency in sales growth patterns."
"Even with a healthy economic growth the nation is likely to produce a small excess of engineering graduates over the near future."
"Such delayed payments result in a reduction of the effective purchase cost, which is a function of the return available on alternative investments, the number of units of the commodity ordered, and the length of the extended period."
"Consistent with the theoretical model, these factors do not significantly influence the growth of fixed (or non-performance-related) compensation."
"Kim and Luca (2019) consider Google’s grouped results for local businesses (the “OneBox”)."
"This paper analyzes the patient server model and provides explicit expressions for the waiting time distributions, the mean waiting times and the pseudo-conservation law."
"We show how the timing of decisions affects the risk sharing between the government and the supplier, ultimately affecting the cost of the subsidy program."
"Although being ousted is costly for all CEOs—who must then devote time to finding new employment and succeed in only 62% of cases—socially connected CEOs are more likely to find new and better employment after a forced departure."
"Both attendance and wagering can be increased by lowering the takeout rate from present levels or by offering more quality races."
"Indeed, the theories themselves suggest that better data-gathering procedures are needed than have heretofore been available."
"This is facilitated through an information manufacturing analysis matrix that relates data units and various system components."
"An alternate possibility is an indirect exchange between one such pair and the highest priority candidate on the regular waiting list for cadaveric organs."
"We find that users prefer the version that does not exclude competitor reviews."
"This reflects a belief, on the author's part, that various clever methods of enumeration and other specialized approaches are the most efficacious means existent by which to obtain solutions to practical problems."
"We then derive analytical results for the iVaR and disentangle, in a theoretically consistent way, the jump and diffusion contributions to the intrahorizon risk."
"In fact, I would be tempted to say that whenever planning begins to look as though it is following tried and true procedures that have worked in the past then planning is in danger of becoming useless."
"Consequently, we use the approximate analytical expressions and the 2003 U.S. government data quantifying these key performance measures to estimate several unknown parameter values."
"In particular, the assumptions that exits are irrevocable and necessarily public are dropped, making endogenous the decision to compete silently and privately, or openly."
"With single rollover, when a new product is introduced, the old product is phased out from the market."
"Quart.1 (2, June) 154–165.]"
"Due to nonconvexities, single-item prices may not exist that are exact marginal values."
"Additionally, there will be cases where a decision maker is willing to incur increased expected cost per unit time in order to reduce the variability of the costs among cycles."
"We propose a prescriptive view that entails full compliance with preference rationality, modifications of structural rationality, and acceptance of quasi-rationality to the extent of granting a primary role to the status quo and the decomposition of decision problems into gains and losses."
"A core conclusion of our reexamination is that pretreatment balance (common support, covariate balance, and parallel pretreatment trends) is necessary for credible shock-IV designs."
"We investigate the decision heuristics used by experts to forecast that early-stage ventures are subsequently commercialized."
"If consumers’ values to subsequent goods decrease quickly, we show by example that one should expect bundling to be suboptimal."
"We present a new lower bound for the Hub Location Problem (HLP) where distances satisfy the triangle inequality."
"Importantly, the experiments confirm that when suppliers’ costs come from a nonregular distribution, it may be to the buyer’s advantage to diversify the supply base more than is strictly necessitated by sourcing rules."
"To be concrete, we will take a recent paper by Roser T. Nelson [Nelson, Rosser T. 1967."
"Finally, the numerical examples constructed in the paper suggest that a contract which combines the self-enforcing mechanism of output sharing with the third-party enforcement mechanism of arbitration generally performs better than a contract that utilizes only one of these mechanisms."
"The model as formulated represents a well damped system, which may not be what the authors expected in their representation of the real system."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"These findings help identify the key tasks of technological strategy in firms in different industries, and of different sizes."
"The IS organization and strategy research stream focuses the level of analysis on the locus of value of the IS investment instead of on the perceptions of a system or its user."
"For example, Microsoft preinstalled Internet Explorer into Windows, and Apple set Apple Maps as the iOS default."
"Most induction algorithms for building predictive models take as input training data in the form of feature vectors."
"This is an important piece of information that can be combined with empirical testing and other analyses to provide a more complete evaluation of a heuristic."
"We propose and implement a direct test of the hypothesis of oligopolistic competition in the U.S. underwriting market against the alternative of implicit collusion among underwriters."
"I explore the sources of this variation by examining Internet adoption decisions in a very large sample of organizations in the finance and services sector in 1998.I show how prior information technology (IT) investments and workplace organization decisions affect the returns to adopting simple and complex Internet technologies."
"A market is a city pair, e.g., the Washington-Chicago market.)"
"Here I would like to emphasize the form of the educational program and the personal characteristics of those who complete it successfully."
"Implications for theory and practice around the integration of work groups and social networks are addressed."
"failure"
"I argue that informational frictions and the associated speculative activity may induce prices to drift away from “fundamental” values, and may result in price booms and busts."
"In contrast, collaboration on the handling of excess and defective retailer inventory (i.e., reverse logistics) results in higher manufacturer stockout levels, on average."
"The results demonstrate that the choice of forecasting model is an important factor in determining the amount of investment needed to support any target level of customer service."
"Such a commitment can encourage their competitors to set their prices high."
"Theater shows routinely turn over actors in lead roles."
"Additionally, the procedure can be used, without modification, for an organization spread over more than one building, and for single floor facilities."
"The rating agencies have claimed that this process means that accounting changes that move previously disclosed information onto firms’ financial statements have virtually no effect on firms’ adjusted financial statements or their credit ratings."
"Microcomputer performance of ‘FABLE’ on Hoffmann's data sets."
"Using scanner data from the cola market, we find that while the retailer exploits the benefit of inertial demand by appropriately increasing the retail profit margin, the cost of investing is borne entirely by the manufacturers."
"The basic model is then extended to an n-firm market game in which firms compete for orders from the aspect of early delivery."
"In the context of the U.S. airline industry, we argue that major carriers enter self-enforcing agreements with their outsourced regional partners because a key aspect of airline operations—the exchange of landing slots under adverse weather—is formally noncontractible."
"The “pull” promotion from consumer rebates encourages more timely retail sales and in doing so undercuts (but does not eliminate) the retailer's strategic inventories."
"Previously, the authors found that a cold opening produces a significant 20%–30% increase in domestic box office revenue, which is consistent with moviegoers' overestimating the quality of unreviewed movies."
"This paper was accepted by Gabriel Weintraub, revenue management and market analytics."
"The supply chain coordination literature focuses either on a single manufacturer selling to a single retailer or one manufacturer selling to many (possibly competing) retailers."
"We develop a model of advertising markets in an environment where consumers may switch (or “multi-home”) across publishers."
"My paper contributes to the literature on the investment effects of RI by examining the relevance of a set of arguments that have been made in management accounting textbooks since 1965."
"We characterize the perfect Bayesian equilibria of this sequential interaction and show that the buyer’s equilibrium strategy consists of a dynamic sequence of thresholds on his or her belief on the seller’s type."
"Intuitively, the one-core consists of all maximal (for the proposer) proposals which are undominated assuming that the player who makes the proposal does not cooperate in any effort to dominate the proposal."
"Additional analyses indicate the presence of congestion and other costs at high capacity utilization levels, as predicted by the operations literature."
"Suggestions are made for developing valid performance indicators and for developing safeguards that will avoid present shortcomings."
"A three-man team comprised the work unit; two acted in an information-processing role and one was assigned an information-integration and decision-making function."
"Actions that can be taken to mitigate the detrimental impact of this distortion are also discussed."
"In doing so, this paper also introduces and determines the behavioral benefits of pricing in leveraging consumers’ behavioral regularities."
"Although this paper addresses itself chiefly to menu planning, it is readily seen that problems in capital budgeting may be tractable with a similar formulation."
"We investigate whether cultural differences between professional decision makers affect financial contracts in a large data set of international syndicated bank loans."
"An accelerating increase in linear programming applications to industrial problems has made it virtually impossible to keep abreast of them, not only because of their number (and diversity) but also because of the conditions under which many are carried out."
"Critique of Naylor, T. H., J. M. Finger."
"This work is motivated by the need to assess the structural effect of an “input” upon the endogenous quantities of an M-labeled digraph."
"This suggests, somewhat counterintuitively, that there may exist some optimal level of conflict for efficient measurement of preferences."
"The analysis shows the value of shorter lead time technologies, the value of flexibility to delay or abandon construction, the incentive to delay construction under uncertain regulation, and how cost recovery policies, such as possible disallowance of Allow for Funds Used During Construction (AFUDC), create incentives to invest less, but to complete construction quickly."
"In this work, we focus on estimating these costs and benefits in a complex healthcare setting where the major differentiation among server types is the intensity of service provided."
"The criterion employed for comparison of alternative maintenance policies is to minimize the total cost per expected piece of equipment good per period of time."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"In fact, even in the case of production workers, the expense of hiring, training, firing, or the contractual obligations of guaranteed wage agreements may make it undesirable to change the level of employment during slack periods."
"In this study, we investigate the short- and long-term direct monetary effects of operating a winning athletics program for an academic institution of higher education."
"Furthermore, (iii) response times in the case of conflict are longer than in the case of alignment."
"When a start-up competes against an established firm, we find that when demand uncertainty is high and costs do not decline too severely over time, the start-up takes a leadership role and invests first in capacity, whereas the established firm follows; by contrast, when two established firms compete in an otherwise identical game, both firms invest late."
"Our results highlight the asymmetric effect of strategic customer behavior on quality-differentiated firms."
"The analysts were asked to evaluate two companies (one R&D company and one manufacturing company) using selected financial data and excerpts from the president’s letter."
"The purpose is to develop a more satisfying procedure as part of the management decision taking system."
"We link differences in physical capital investments and complementarities between basic and applied scientists across industry and academic settings to individual differences in scientist ability and preferences to predict an equilibrium matching of scientists to careers and to their earnings evolution."
"Moreover, the RSTP we consider contains constraints that require separation of starting times."
"The simulation with realistic parameter values reveals that the additional discounted order quantity is insensitive to large changes in the ordering cost and unit price; sensitive to changes in the carrying cost and return rate of funds, but without significantly affecting the total cost; and extremely sensitive to the annual demand."
"The next sections focus on a discussion of attitude structures and function."
"The method uses travel time to fires as a measure of system performance and generates allocations satisfying criteria ranging from the minimization of city-wide travel time to the equalization of average travel times in different regions."
"Our results contribute to the literature on arbitrage, the effect of attention allocation on market outcomes, and the effect of information technology on market efficiency."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"We study a single-product single-location inventory system under periodic review, where excess demand is lost and the replenishment lead time is positive."
"John Wiley, New York.)"
"Subjects perform an effort task, accruing earnings at potentially different wage rates for themselves or a charity of their choice, with the ability to transfer any of their personal earnings to charity at the end of the experiment."
"The modeling of preferences for multiattribute alternatives has received an increased attention in marketing (consumer behavior) and management science (decision analysis)."
"These sites might also offer specials, discounts, and other links of interest that relate to his recent visits or profile options."
"In the supply-chain literature, an increasing body of work studies how suppliers can use incentive schemes such as quantity discounts to influence buyers' ordering behaviour, thus reducing the supplier's (and the total supply chain's) costs."
"This may make it difficult for distortion to be detected by decision makers themselves or even by supervisors who cannot completely duplicate their subordinate's knowledge."
"Included is a description of the results achieved from a successful implementation of the model into the assembly operations."
"The efficiency of Decision Making Units is defined in the spirit of Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA), complemented with Decision Maker’s preference information concerning the desirable structure of inputs and outputs."
"The authors identify three decision biases (probabilistic choice bias, reinforcement bias, and memory bias) that do not appear in theoretical models."
"Process measures revealed that negotiators’ schemas about the task (reflected in open-ended essays) were strong predictors of performance in the analogical learning condition, but were poor predictors of performance in the remaining conditions."
"Firms need to integrate the heterogeneous service level requirements of different customers into the pooling model and allocate the resources (inventory or capacity) appropriately in the most effective manner."
"All feasible schedules are generated, the cost of each is accurately determined and the best set of schedules is selected."
"In this paper we present two direct methods, a pathwise method and a likelihood ratio method, for estimating derivatives of security prices using simulation."
"Diagnosing the nature and magnitude of competitive interactions among firms is important for developing effective marketing strategies."
"The elapsed time to complete a scheduled task is expressed as a function of the completion times of the component tasks and the path matrix of the scheddule graph."
"The Laplace transforms and the first two moments of the distribution are computed for both independent and perfectly correlated inflows."
"The empirical results indicate that (1) the volatility of maximal and minimal changes in interest rates declines as time-to-maturity rises, yielding a downward-sloping volatility curve for the extremes; (2) the minimal changes are more volatile than the maximal changes for all data sets and for all asymptotic distributions used; (3) the minimal changes in Treasury yields have fatter tails than the maximal changes; and (4) for both the maxima and minima, the extreme changes in short-term rates have thicker tails than the extreme changes in long-term rates."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"The results indicate that these requirements fail to achieve their purpose."
"We use a stylized model to analyze the effect of outcome-based pricing via rebates."
"1973."
"We develop a model for the competitive interactions in service industries where firms cater to multiple customer classes or market segments with the help of shared service facilities or processes so as to exploit pooling benefits."
"Using this normalization, we find conditions for a wide class of affine term structure models to exhibit unspanned stochastic volatility (USV)."
"New York University J. Retailing (April); Trueman, R. E. 1961."
"The service needs of a client population are continually changing, and depend upon the relative functioning of the population, which depends upon the efficacy of the services provided."
"This paper was accepted by Peter Wakker, decision analysis."
"An Investigation of Earnings Management Through Marketing Actions (p. 72)Craig J. Chapman, Thomas J. SteenburghShould Campbell's Soup offer coupons and discounts to boost sales, meet earnings estimates, and placate analysts?"
"The technique presented here allows the partition to be arbitrary, save for a single, easily achieved, condition."
"We develop a theoretical framework to explain how IT investments could pay off in the economically significant context of corporate diversification, and empirically find that the performance pay off to IT investments is greater for firms with greater levels of diversification."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"The model presumes that the rate at which a manager's opportunity wage increases in his expertise depends on the nature of that expertise, i.e., whether it is general or firm specific."
"If no units have arrived the server waits for the first arrival when an ordinary M/G/1 busy period is initiated."
"Some of the operating characteristics of these policies examined in this paper are: the expected rate of opportunistic (joint) replacement of the uninspected part and one of the monitored parts; the expected rate of planned replacement of the uninspected part; the probability of at least m failures of a monitored part in the interval [0, t]; the expected rate of opportunistic inspection—inspection of the non-monitored part which is triggered by a failure of the monitored part; and the expected rate of planned inspection of the non-monitored part."
"$9.50;—Bradley, James V., Distribution-Free Statistical Tests."
"Normative models of this decision problem tend to become very large, particularly when its dynamic structure and the uncertainty of future interest rates and cash flows are incorporated in the model."
"We provide evidence that the phenomenon that we observe in our study is a result of cardholders being influenced by the way their outcomes were framed."
"We study the global diffusion of ISO 9000 and ISO 14000 certification using a network diffusion framework."
"The proposed method is based on a column generation technique defining a sequence of primal linear programming maximization problems."
"where general policies for general processes are considered, and (ii) other studies, such as those of Scarf [Scarf, H. 1963."
"failure"
"claim the NP-completeness of different variants of the discrete lot-sizing and scheduling problem (DLSP) which are differentiated by using a six-field notation."
"This paper examines the effect of product variety on manufacturing performance, defined here as total labor productivity and consumer-perceived product quality."
"We show that in unregulated environments, ICOs can lead to significant agency costs, underproduction, and loss of firm value."
"During both simulations and live experiments, our method shows marked improvements, especially in cases of small traffic."
"This paper extends the theory of supply chain incentive contracts from the static newsvendor framework of the existing literature to the simplest dynamic setting."
"The author shows that the pricing kernel decreases in the market index return and increases in market volatility."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"For how long should the simulation analysis continue before a design is approved or rejected?"
"A least-square fit of this ratio versus time is shown to be an adequate predictor of employment and can be used for extrapolation with confidence."
"Use of all-electric drive trains is arguably the most realistic medium-term solution to address these concerns."
"failure"
"The model provides aggregate market behavior measures including brand market share, expected brand sales and the distribution of brand purchase probability over the consumer population through time."
"When nonoptimal stragies are adopted they result in lower levels of performance."
"Two random inputs cause two converging inter-related waiting lines to be formed—one of buses and one of passengers."
"We develop a new framework for designing online policies given access to an oracle providing statistical information about an off-line benchmark."
"Thus, at best the firm's accounting and auditing systems may mitigate a manager's misuse by constraining the set of assets into which he can divert capital funds for private benefit."
"This suggests that managers of this call center may want to spend efforts in educating their customers on the benefits of the callback option."
"An admissible cut of the polytope, corresponding to a new supporting hyperplane of the epigraph of the function to minimize, is then generated at this approximate analytic center."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"We contend that firms are more likely to borrow from a bank that has previously lent to a peer to mitigate information asymmetry with the bank when potential information processing efficiencies are greater (i.e., information efficiency hypothesis), but there will be a decreased propensity to borrow from a shared lender when the costs of leaking proprietary information are greater (i.e., proprietary information leakage hypothesis)."
"In our incomplete contracts framework, the entrepreneur can design contracts contingent on three possible control right allocations: entrepreneur control, investor control, and joint control, with each allocation inducing different effort levels by both the entrepreneur and the investor."
"Compensation and unforced turnover are lower for local than for nonlocal CEOs, and the compensation of local CEOs depends on local labor market factors, unlike that of nonlocal CEOs."
"3) We find evidence for purchase reinforcement (and its effects declining over time), but no evidence for attribute satiation based variety seeking behavior. ("
"We find that the proposed model offers excellent statistical properties, including its performance in a holdout validation sample, and also provides useful managerial diagnostics about the patterns underlying online buyer behavior."
"Specifically, we employ a difference-in-differences approach to compare premove versus postmove citation rates for the recruits' prior patents and corresponding matched-pair control patents."
"We examine the valuation impact of bank-financed mergers and acquisitions (M&As) and the loan contracts used to finance M&A transactions, focusing on the difference between bank-dependent acquirers and other acquirers."
"Second, using this technique, we show that a natural greedy policy, which we call the Bayes selector, has constant expected regret (i.e., independent of the number of arrivals and resource levels) for a large class of problems we refer to as “online allocation with finite types,” which includes widely studied online packing and online matching problems."
"Production smoothing (or production planning) methods are used to decide on aggregate production levels for a factory, without specifying what individual products should be produced, or when, or how much."
"We show that the mean vector and the covariance matrix of the masked data generated using the microperturbation method are unbiased estimates of the original mean vector and covariance matrix."
"The basic input parameters are in terms of sales saturation levels and advertising elasticities, concepts experienced advertising executives understand and are willing to estimate."
"In this paper, the general problem of scheduling the tasks on one processor in order to minimize the total loss is solved, and McNaughton's results are generalized."
"The authors examine a large data set of international syndicated bank loans and find that more culturally distant lead banks offer borrowers smaller loans at a higher interest rate and are more likely to require third-party guarantees."
"Finally, we derive the asymptotic behavior of optimal policies when demands are monotone and the planning horizon becomes arbitrarily long."
"New York: Macmillan Co., 1968, 145 pp.,"
"To investigate the opportunity for hospitals to achieve better care at lower cost, we examine two key process quality measures, conformance quality and experiential quality, and two measures of performance, readmission rate and cost per discharge."
"Book Reviews—Buzzell, Robert D. “Mathematical Models and Marketing Management.”"
"These include a number of new problems."
"It is based on an optimal basic solution of a linear programming problem derived from the original problem."
"We argue that these equilibria could explain the low revenues of some recent auctions, and discuss potential remedies to eliminate low-revenue equilibria."
"Knowledge of this steady-state behavior may be used for evaluation of system performance, and for consideration of alternatives for improving system performance."
"Management Sci."
"This form is then exploited in a dynamic programming algorithm to provide an efficient means of exactly determining the minimum cost schedule."
"This overuse is characterized by the practice of cross-shipping, where a DI both deposits and withdraws cash of the same denomination in the same business week in the same geographical area."
"This paper presents an algorithm for the solution of dynamic programming problems requiring the determination of optimal policies for the control of a special class of stochastic processes when the time horizon of the planning period is at infinity."
"This setting, in contrast to the popular learning and earning paradigm, represents the situation many business teams encounter in which their data collection abilities have outstripped their data analysis capabilities."
"Managerial strategies that are multifaceted are more likely to lead to effectiveness than monolithic strategies."
"We focus on product categories where consumers may purchase multiple products during a season and investigate a new reason why frequent assortment rotations can be valuable to a retailer."
"We also discover that firms making inventory ownership decisions that are consistent with an empirical benchmark derived from environmental and strategic factors are less likely to go bankrupt than those making inconsistent inventory choices."
"Specifically, we model a software firm’s trade-off in releasing a buggy product early and investments in fixing it later."
"Here, marketing expertise helps a firm make better marketing decisions (at least on average)."
"With limited data on how consumers actually make decisions, how may one predict revenues from offering a particular assortment of choices?"
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"The model is calibrated with data from a large European insurance company."
"This is because contractually specified incentives inevitably have conflicting effects: they simultaneously increase the likelihood of welfare-improving investments and welfare-reducing opportunistic behavior."
"For this case, we develop a heuristic for quoting due dates and sequencing orders."
"Simulation results indicate that the approximation procedure is reasonably accurate."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1958—reviewed by William H. Newman;—Labor And Trade Unionism, by Walter Galenson and Seymour Martin Lipset."
"This paper describes a branch-and-bound algorithm that will find a global solution to this type of problem."
"We make two clarifying comments on a recent paper by Naylor and Tapon (Naylor, T. H., F. Tapon."
"Moreover, although status-inconsistent units are generally more likely to be divested, this effect is stronger for core business units."
"Without MOEs the nature of regulation is probably suboptimal."
"The pointwise stationary approximation is computed by integrating over time (that is taking the expectation of) the formula for the stationary performance measure with the arrival rate that applies at each point in time."
"All of the new bounds can be applied to problems with variable processor ready times."
"The prices of risk of these moments should not be confused with the price of risk of powers of the market return, such as coskewness and cokurtosis."
"Cognitive styles measured by the Myers-Briggs indicator were studied to isolate how style influences decision behavior."
"We find that financial advisors who start their career in recessions are less likely to commit professional misconduct throughout their career, even compared with their colleagues working in the same firm, at the same location, and at the same point in time."
"Although this may generate incremental revenues in the short term, the long-term consequences of such a strategy are not immediately obvious: More discounted last-minute tickets may lead to more consumers anticipating the discount and delaying the purchase rather than buying at the regular (higher) prices, hence potentially reducing revenues for the company."
"In particular, does it matter to the decision maker whether the expert is a well-calibrated probability assessor?"
"Instead of selling a bundle of content and access through proprietary networks, these firms are shifting their distribution channels to the Internet."
"We compare the decision rule to policies commonly in use and find that it results in significant improvements in response time to serious fires."
"We study inventory pooling in systems with symmetric costs where supply lead times are endogenously generated by a finite-capacity production system."
"It is this complex coupling that leads to iteration among the various engineering tasks in a large project."
"Using this algorithm, the distribution of schedule times over the set of feasible schedule—or a subset of feasible schedules—was determined for technological orderings that could occur in a general machine shop."
"is included."
"This paper seeks answers to these questions."
"Recognition of the causes of this lag helps to explain the current state of management science in marketing and will contribute to an understanding of future prospects and opportunities."
"2) Accounting for the effects of marketing variables on interpurchase times may be important when empirically estimating the proposed model."
"A Modified dynamic programming method for markovian decision problems."
"The Army's goal is to meet these quotas, in a postulated recruiting environment, at minimum total incentive expenditure."
"First, we use decision theory to find an expression for the expected value of marketing expertise."
"In an empirical test, forecasts of fifty firms' EPS were prepared by seven forecasting models."
"First, the CNC may serve as an indicator of the attention spent in planning the project."
"For example, a profit function may depend on certain market conditions which can at best be estimated by a set of random variables with some given distribution."
"Particular attention is given to the usefulness of planning horizon theorems in simplifying computations."
"Manufacturers often offer retailers buyback contracts to reduce retailers’ inventory costs by repurchasing unsold inventory at a prespecified returns price."
"Unfortunately, this class contains series which, when transformed, have infinite moving average representations."
"We develop several proxies for the presence of prosocial employees and directors based on the density of social networks and social capital in the county of the firms’ headquarters and companies’ relevant corporate social responsibility ratings."
"This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory."
"This note summarizes a simple model of mode choice which considers such choice as depending only upon time and money costs of travel."
"Questions of attainability and maintainability of structures are discussed for both fixed size and expanding systems."
"The n most vital nodes in a network are those n nodes whose removal, along with all arcs incident with them, would cause the greatest decrease in maximum flow between a specified node pair."
"Through novel analysis we obtain surprising structural results of optimal policies that provide operational managerial insights, efficient optimal and near-optimal algorithms, and quantification of the value of testing."
"Manufacturer-to-consumer rebates are a staple of modern supply chains."
"We address the contested state of theory and the mixed empirical evidence on the relationship between turbulence and vertical scope by studying how turbulence affects the benefits of commitment from integrated development of components and the benefits of flexibility from sourcing components externally."
"These measures were formed into seven consolidated measures using factor analysis."
"It is known that if the nonmonetary effects can be cashed out in a way that does not vary with time, then the rates of discount for monetary and nonmonetary effects have to be equal."
"Management Sci.14 (4, December) B-236–B-249.)"
"1985."
"For the mean-variance problem, PBR introduces a quartic polynomial constraint, for which we make two convex approximations: one based on rank-1 approximation and another based on a convex quadratic approximation."
"The process of converting a tree into finished lumber involves several interrelated steps."
"Although both approaches yield matrix-geometric solutions, their implications for computation are significantly different."
"Consistent with economic theory, I find that the pricing kernel decreases in the market index return and increases in market volatility."
"On the optimality of adaptive forecasting."
"A conceptualization of production learning is proposed, which resolves costs into groups characterized by the rate at which the costs can be reduced."
"The core idea behind our framework is that networks shape knowledge transfer and learning processes by creating channels for knowledge trade and reducing the risk of learning."
"This paper applies some traditional management science tools to the study of Switzerland—a small country characterized by the openness of its politico-economic system to the outside world."
"Activist hedge funds improve target firms’ M&A performance by reducing poor M&A, diversifying M&A, and the M&A of firms with multiple business segments."
"Deterministic inventory theory provides streamlined optimization models that attempt to capture trade-offs in managing the flow of goods through a supply chain."
"A concentrated new product development structure, in contrast to a distributed structure, affords rapid prototyping."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1968, 269 pp.,"
"Assignment decision rules are formulated to balance the parallel sequences considering accumulated time and remaining future commitments on each machine."
"The agglomeration of the automobile industry around Detroit, Michigan is explained using a theory in which disagreements lead employees of incumbent firms to found spinoffs in the same industry."
"The decision taken in each period is an extreme point of the set of solutions that are feasible in that period."
"The data support the reliability of the trade-off method: its measurements could be replicated using different stimuli and were not susceptible to strategic responding."
"An expository treatment of three network models most often encountered in Management Science applications: (i) The Shortest Path Problems, (ii) Flow Networks, and (iii) Activity Networks."
"These complications lead to consideration of possible heuristics to overcome such learning liabilities."
"Our findings show that risk attitude and strength of preference are two distinctive constructs."
"The accuracy goals consist of the maximum accumulated error that is considered by management to be tolerable between audits, and the prescribed likelihood that this tolerance level will not be exceeded."
"This functional equation is used to derive approximate decision rules for resource use as a function of current supply."
"We find that the enforcement of noncompete clauses significantly impedes entrepreneurship and employment growth."
"Management Sci.24 (7) 719–731.)"
"The latter allows the approximation to be applied to a wide class of pool-level risk statistics."
"Consumers may strategically choose when to purchase, and they may also choose to purchase from the firm or from the speculators."
"Consequently, it is useful to consider the level of social inefficiency introduced when the design of a priority scheme is turned over to a revenue-maximizing firm."
"Paradoxically, a nonnegligible fraction of participants are willing to tell an altruistic white lie even though it hurts them a bit but significantly helps others."
"We show that this signaling mechanism exists whenever advance selling would be optimal for both the high-quality and low-quality sellers if quality were known by the consumers."
"Crowdsourcing New Product Ideas over Time: An Analysis of the Dell IdeaStorm Community (p. 226)Barry L. Bayus“Crowdsourcing” is the practice of taking a task once performed by an employee and outsourcing it to a large, undefined group of people outside the company, usually customers."
"We believe that our model can be used as an aid to physicians and administrators to better assess discharge and/or capacity decisions."
"This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"Specifically, we focus on the impact of intrafirm product interactions on the level of equilibrium profits."
"The responsiveness of broker-sold fund flows to distribution fees increases, suggesting a shift in composition toward less elastic consumers."
"In the Portland Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area (SMSA), both time series and cross-sectional data are exploited."
"Clarifying the neural network decisions by explanatory rules that capture the learned knowledge embedded in the networks can help the credit-risk manager in explaining why a particular applicant is classified as either bad or good."
"Our study demonstrates strong effects of the combination of the two interventions on male entrepreneurs, while the effects on female entrepreneurs are much more muted."
"Aggressive competition for labor results in increasing wage rates and aggressive competition for the sales fund results in low product profit."
"This paper was accepted by Gad Allon, operations management."
"Do order flows in index derivatives play an informational role?"
"In particular, in a stationary queue with Poisson arrivals, the stationary distribution of the number of waiting customers in the queue at an arbitrary time is equal to the stationary distribution of the number of customers waiting in the queue when a new customer arrives."
"Furthermore, the tractability of solving problems to optimality is demonstrated through the solution of SCOPE problems having as many as 500 tasks and GENCAP problems involving as many as 50 tasks and more than 16,500 nonlinear capacity interactions."
"The MAT general algorithm, an example problem and a theorem relating the MAT solution to the optimal solution are given."
"It yields an alternative metric of inventory productivity, adjusted inventory turnover, which empirically adjusts inventory turnover for changes in gross margin, capital intensity, and sales surprise, and can be applied in performance analysis and managerial decision making."
"Finally, numerical evaluations are included to illustrate the impact of the various magnitudes of correlation."
"Others argue that managers enter new markets when their firm possesses the experience needed to compete effectively."
"We consider a single buyer who wishes to outsource a fixed demand for a manufactured good or service at a fixed price to a set of potential suppliers."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"We also provide multiattribute estimation procedures."
"The fear of dismissal and a damaged career mean that high types tend to be less opportunistic than low types, who divert for personal gain."
"The simplex method has proved to be the most successful approach but it still leaves a wide range for detailed algorithms."
"That is, players do not seem to be more likely to cooperate if their opponent might be expected to cooperate."
"The Random Character of Stock Market Prices."
"We find that a logarithmic transformation produces symmetric travel-time distributions with heavier tails than those of a normal distribution."
"An inter-temporal quadratic programming model for selecting portfolios of risky assets is formulated."
"We explore implications for managers, financiers, and policy makers."
"We investigate this interesting pricing issue by modeling the market interaction between the providers of cellular services and also their interaction with customers using a game theoretic framework."
"A key prediction derived from this theoretical integration is that successful people should be more likely to generate new ideas, but these ideas will tend to be less divergent as they favor the exploitation of familiar knowledge at the expense of the exploration of new domains."
"The “Criss-cross” linear programming method formulated by Zionts (Zionts, Sanley."
"In particular, I develop logic that the relevant form of externality should differ for upper quality tier brands and lower tier brands."
"1956."
"Since these criteria assume that the variance of the sample mean is known, an adjustment is necessary to account for the substitution of an estimate for this variance."
"Because of financial frictions, banks have varying degrees of access to wholesale funding."
"Both theoretical and measurement issues are considered using structural equations and partial least squares as the primary data analysis approaches."
"The results indicate that the additional information provided by the increased data collection and processing functions does not contribute a statistically significant improvement in the overall performance of the production system."
"We probe and refine these theoretical perspectives, drawing out implications of the different theories for the extent and speed of alliance-related knowledge transfer, as well as for knowledge “leakage” in areas not directly related to alliance activities."
"This paper assesses the validity and accuracy of firms' backward patent citations as a measure of knowledge flows from public research by employing a newly constructed data set that matches patents to survey data at the level of the research and development lab."
"This paper quantitatively explores the role of external habits, nominal rigidities, and monetary policy for real and nominal bond yields in an asset-pricing endogenous growth model."
"Customers’ voluntary payments are significantly affected by subtle information cues: cues that signal a high rather than a low payment norm increase payments by some 27%."
"Two, subjects suffer from the anchoring and insufficient adjustment bias."
"The voice-based trading system contributes more to price discovery when trade size is large and liquidity is low."
"Books Received"
"We demonstrate that autonomous-assisted delivery can yield significant improvements relative to today’s system in which a delivery person must park the vehicle before delivering packages."
"Forty-eight groups were supported by one, both, or neither of the GSS and facilitator treatments."
"To manage this short-termism, some bonus pay is deferred."
"Our model captures the interaction between heterogenous, price-sensitive, risk-sensitive patients who decide whether to purchase the drug; a payer deciding whether to provide coverage for the drug; and a price-setting pharmaceutical firm seeking to maximize expected profits."
"The loss of effectiveness was also more pronounced for ads with a smaller presence on the webpage and for ads that did not have additional interactive, video, or audio features."
"We study the interaction between product rollover strategies and strategic customer purchasing behavior and find that single rollover is more valuable when the new product's innovation is low and the number of strategic customers is high."
"My topic in this panel discussion on management science today is the status of research on mathematical solution of programming problems."
"To redress this problem, we first describe the information processing problems regulators encounter when they attempt to integrate this complex array of information intuitively, and the problems that arise when the link between service quality (as reflected in patterns of passed and failed standards) and regulatory incentives is not made explicit to utility management."
"This paper introduces a measure of the degree of decreasing impatience, the DI-index."
"Our results show that heterogeneity in adopting account management features of financial products, such as automatic payments, is important for understanding who avoids financial mistakes."
"In this note a simpler proof of optimality, based on the inductive principle, will be presented for Hodgson's algorithm."
"The firm sets a price before demand uncertainty is resolved."
"In the movie studio example, many scripts might have the same premise, resulting in wasted effort of studio executives evaluating the same idea multiple times."
"In the present paper, the Caterer Problem is shown to be equivalent to a Hitchcock Distribution Problem [Hitchcock, F. L. 1941."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"These results hold with both simultaneous and sequential entry of the two sides."
"1951."
"We investigate how activities that can enhance a user’s reputation vary before and after the user finds a new job."
"We find that transparency into both internal and external responsibility initiatives tends to dominate generic brand marketing in motivating consumer purchases, supporting the view that consumers take companies’ responsibility efforts into account in their decision making."
"Movie stars and celebrities do not seem to affect ticket prices or show revenues."
"This paper was accepted by Jesper Sørensen, organizations."
"Its principal features include (a) a static nominal market share function based on multi-attribute scaling and maximum market fractions and (b) an effective market share function dependent on market potential forecasts, nominal market share, and a penetration delay curve."
"On average, delay announcements decrease the market value of the firm by 5.25%."
"241–252."
"There is an increasing pressure to give more wisely and effectively."
"A feeling of helplessness and resignation in the face of the apparent autonomy of technological development is quite common."
"VFAs from ALPs have desirable theoretical properties, define an operating policy, and provide a lower bound on the optimal policy cost."
"It solves the “last-mile problem” in public transport by reducing the travel cost between home and subway stations and thus increasing the attractiveness of distant apartments."
"The seller is (ex post) better informed about product availability and can choose how to communicate this information to the customers."
"It is shown that membership of a matrix M in 𝔐 is equivalent to the property; for any q existence of a feasible solution to system (I) implies the existence of complementary feasible solution to system (I) for that q with W = 0."
"We illustrate how the resulting travel-time distribution model can be used to create probability-of-coverage maps for diagnosis and improvement of system performance."
"Verification of computer simulation models."
"Sensitivity of the model to changes in the objective function weights and in the target values for the goals is explored."
"To assist suppliers, we also develop a bidding-suggestion device based on a myopic best-response (MBR) calculation that solves an associated optimization problem."
"159–170."
"Recent research suggests that interruptions may play an important role in changing organizational routines, and as such may influence knowledge transfer activities."
"As a precautionary measure, physicians tend to order blood in excess of the amount that is transfused (used by the patient)."
"Management Sci.15(8, April) B-403–B-414; Mitroff, I. I. 1971."
"We also find that, when performance and other factors are considered, the level of executive pay in the IT industry is not higher than in other industries."
"Drawing upon a number of empirical studies, we argue that there is insufficient justification for using any function of N fatalities to model societal impacts."
"Jointly optimizing price and allocation decisions for the high-end segment improves performance, but the largest revenue benefits stem from adjusting prices to account for demand risk."
"Class-Restricted Clustering and Microperturbation for Data Privacy  (p. 796)Xiao-Bai Li, Sumit SarkarHow can businesses leverage the plethora of data now available without threatening the privacy of their customers?"
"I shed light on these predictions by estimating the impact of public data from Landsat, a U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration satellite mapping program, on the discovery rates of new deposits by incumbents (seniors) and entrants (juniors) in the gold exploration industry."
"Endowing planning languages with an optimization capability promises to increase dramatically the use of optimization."
"The framework involves the interactions of optimizing techniques with heuristics for effective and efficient achievement of an organizational objective."
"A fifth dimension was added when the research instrument used was designed exclusively by Chinese scholars, and it provides a cultural explanation for the economic success of East Asian countries in the past quarter century."
"This paper was accepted by Brian Bushee, accounting."
"Modeling sequentially launched competing products in a category allows for parsing out effects that are hard to differentiate in models designed to capture only a single product's dynamics."
"This has prompted a search for ways to increase Internet adoption and narrow its disparity across countries—the global “digital divide.”"
"For given external arrival process and given service-time distributions, the object is to determine the order of the stations (to be used by all customers) that minimizes the expected equilibrium sojourn time per customer."
"Then, we develop conceptual foundation and mathematical formalism demonstrating that the two data-anonymization mechanisms have distinctive impacts on the identifiability of disparity, which also varies based on its statistical operationalization."
"for the Holt's method with nonseasonal data published at irregular time intervals is extended to the Holt-Winters method in the seasonal case."
"It is found that both an assessor's specific relations towards the project to be evaluated and his organizational rank may be of use in explaining individual differences in R&D probability assessments."
"He first makes a subjective judgment about the occurrence of the event for each imprecise observation."
"On the other hand, Harry Markowitz has won the Nobel Prize in Economics for developing portfolio diversification methods and models to reduce risk for a given desired return."
"We find that regular season wins in football account for most of the increase in revenue for established schools, whereas invitations to prestigious postseason bowl games play a big part for less-established schools."
"Now IT's Personal: Offshoring and the Shifting Skill Composition of the U.S. Information Technology Workforce (p. 678)Prasanna Tambe, Lorin M. HittHas information technology (IT) offshoring affected the skill mix among U.S. technology workers?"
"The results indicate that linear models provide good fit with observations of R&D investment judgments and that differences in tradeoffs between risk and rates of return can be related to the characteristics of the executives and their work environments."
"Named “FABLE,” it obtains proven optimal solutions for ten 1000 task lines, which each possess the computationally favorable conditions of an average of at least 6 tasks per work station and a small number of between-task precedence requirements, in less than 20 seconds of IBM 3033U CPU time for each problem."
"We consider the problem of scheduling n jobs, each with a specific processing requirement, release time and due date on m uniform parallel machines."
"Studies of industrial waiting line problems typically involve determining the proper balance between the amount of service and the amount of waiting for that service."
"Additionally, we find that also in the presence of tournament incentives, agents react reciprocally to higher wages by exerting higher effort."
"We develop a model of consumer learning and choice behavior in response to uncertain service in the marketplace."
"An algorithm, based on finding a shortest route in a finite directed network, is given for the assembly line balancing problem."
"Product prices, however, are ultimately based on the firms' transfer prices that communicate manufacturing costs to marketing departments."
"In this paper, we develop a MMC method, which samples only a small set of chance variables for each decision node in the influence diagram."
"Using changes in state corporate income tax rates across time and states as the setting, we find that a one-percentage-point increase in the HQ state corporate income tax rate increases the likelihood of firms relocating their HQ out of the state by 16.8%, and an equivalent decrease in the HQ state rate decreases the likelihood of HQ relocations by 9.1%."
"The evidence suggests that there are significant penalties for not introducing new products on time."
"Collective decision making is modeled as an anonymous nonatomic game with a finite set of strategies and payoff functions among individuals who are heterogeneous in their income."
"A stochastic dynamic programming model is developed to evaluate the optimal trade-offs across prevention and appraisal costs, and the costs of failure."
"Finally, we found that technology adaptation behaviors influenced changes in two key job outcomes, job performance and job satisfaction."
"The authors find that first quality information is disclosed, then price information is revealed, and then “horizontal product information” (attributes that appeal to some consumer segments) is added to the advertising mix."
"Using a mathematical model that treats performance verifiability as a continuous variable, the paper first establishes that a party whose performance cannot be perfectly verified has an incentive to shirk if it is paid only a flat fee and that this shirking problem is more severe as its performance is less verifiable."
"Firms treated with these reduced burdens invest more and more efficiently after going public relative to untreated firms."
"Estimating the Parameters of the Markov Probability Model from Aggregate Time Series Data."
"Our findings reveal that both opinions about gender quotas and workplace behavior crucially depend on the workplace environment."
"Operations reversal is a process design principle that involves switching two consecutive stages of the manufacturing process to improve process performance."
"Results show that auctions with proceeds donated to charity lead to significantly higher selling prices, a result due to a higher bidding by bidders with charitable motives rather than to increased bidder entry."
"The seller’s objective is to adjust prices in each period so as to maximize cumulative expected revenues over a given finite time horizon; in doing so, the seller needs to resolve the tension between learning the unknown demand curve and maximizing earned revenues."
"In general, this is a difficult problem to solve, even if the distribution of the objective coefficient is well specified."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"How do they influence the value from managerial flexibility?"
"Consider a discrete time Markov process {Xn, n > 0}."
"This paper investigates the impact of customer compatibility—the degree of fit between customers’ needs and the capabilities of the operations serving them—on customer experiences and firm performance."
"Finally, firms seem to benefit less from using PSD ex post if they are managed by overconfident rather than rational managers."
"Also, in an experiment measuring the degree to which players did in fact bid along their marginal functions, some 48% of the variance in behavior was explained by this model."
"The findings suggest that the risk of receiving stress-related medication increases significantly for employees at organizations that change, especially those that undergo broad simultaneous changes along several dimensions."
"Letters to the Editor:—Critique of Professor Ian I. Mitroff's “Fundamental Issues in the Simulation of Human Behaviour: A Case in the Strategy of Behavioral Science” (Mitroff, Ian I. 1969."
"Problems are discussed which, in the authors' opinion, represent major obstacles in developing optimization models for production applications, for example, the nonlinearity and frequently large dimensions of the models, and the inherent uncertainties during the development phase of a field."
"This problem is less severe if the exchange must compensate liquidity traders for a fraction of their losses."
"We find that enhanced design helps to mitigate strategic behavior by offering consumers a product they value more, making them less willing to risk waiting for a clearance sale and possibly experiencing a stockout."
"We find that there is significant heterogeneity in returns to personalization as a function of user history and query type."
"We have performed the standardized data analysis that he suggests."
"CRM outsourcing is more beneficial to firms that are high on information technology capabilities and low on marketing capabilities, and less beneficial when it concerns presales CRM."
"In this paper we show that, under such a contract, both the overall channel performance and the performance of individual firms depend critically on demand price elasticity and on the retailer's share of channel cost."
"We supplemented the IS data with data on other inputs, output, and price deflators from other sources."
"The resulting decision model for an expected utility maximizing individual, who is uncertain of the business' valuation by the partner, is analyzed."
"The interaction between firms operating across these differentiated channels involves interesting competitive dynamics that cannot be captured by isolated models of electronic markets."
"Networks of waiting lines."
"We describe an approximation method for solving the minimum makespan problem of job shop scheduling."
"Surprisingly, subjects are more trusting and trustworthy when the stake size increases."
"We then show how this model can be used to improve the decision making of the retailer, who needs to choose a threshold price above which all offers are accepted."
"This complexity rating is shown to provide a better measure of problem complexity than one based on flow dominance alone."
"We develop and use strong cutting-planes for the cluster generation subproblems."
"Distance functions are used to measure technical efficiency of hospitals producing multiple outputs relative to other hospitals in the sample, allowing comparisons among the different ownership types."
"The simplest heuristic is the myopic heuristic itself: it is good especially for moderately varying problems without heavy end of season salvage costs and averages only 2.75% in cost over the optimal."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"Further, the analyses demonstrate a clear trade-off between short-term efficiency-increasing and longer-term learning-enhancing outcomes."
"The negative relationship between the long-run component and stock returns may reflect the fact that stocks with high long-run idiosyncratic volatility are less exposed to systematic risk factors and, hence, earn lower returns."
"We tested each of these methods experimentally in an experiential context and found that observational learning and analogical learning led to negotiated outcomes that were more favorable for both parties, compared to a baseline condition of learning through experience alone."
"This paper surveys the first decade or so of this work."
"The release of a new platform version is often preceded by prelaunch activities including a preannouncement of new features, improvements, and other innovations."
"Our study suggests that reducing carbon emissions through increasing renewable energy investments requires careful attention to the pricing policy and the market characteristics of each region."
"Belmont, California: Wadsworth Publishing Company, Inc., 1963, $9.95, 816 pp—reviewed by Wayne S. Boutell."
"Specifically, we use the latent states of the HMM to fuse cross-sectional survey responses to a job-seeking status question with longitudinal user activity data, resulting in a partially HMM."
"New systems for processing data have been developed; in some cases these appear to have replaced or to have amended the traditional notions about accounting."
"For DARA preferences, third order stochastic dominance, while being necessary, is not sufficient and additional constraints must be imposed."
"We construct a test of weak separability by modifying the Allais paradox, adapting it to the Anscombe–Aumann framework."
"This paper shows, by means of an example, how linear programming can be applied to obtain optimal team decision functions in the case in which the payoff to the team is a convex polyhedral function of the decision variables."
"We challenge these conclusions here."
"The algorithm is founded upon the computational simplicity of the tridiagonal structure of the inverse of the Brownian correlation matrix."
"The algorithm produces a pair of policies whose value function is within a specified error of the solution to the fixed point equation."
"A central implication is that when operating in a network externality environment, instead of a problem to be avoided, clones may be valuable assets to an innovating firm, building up the user base for the innovator's technology by bringing lower-valuing consumers into the market, which in turn makes the innovator's product more attractive to high- and medium-valuing purchasers."
"The editors of Management Science acknowledge all our 2021 reviewers and guest associate editors who generously provided expert counsel and guidance on a voluntary basis."
"failure"
"Underlying the AHP is the theory of ratio-scale measures developed in psychophysics since the middle of the last century."
"Despite its numerous merits, we identify several limitations of revenue sharing to (at least partially) explain why it is not prevalent in all industries."
"A parallel analysis is also developed for engineers employed in research and development."
"Increasing importance of emerging information technology, especially the data base component, has prompted the examination of the process of diffusion of innovations in the context of data base system development."
"We also propose a new validation approach for this estimation principle, which we call the target-mode agreement criterion."
"Our method, the “elicited preferences” approach, generates preference data from subjects through a series of binary choices."
"In retail settings with price promotions, consumers often search across stores and time."
"Our evidence also indicates that a primary channel through which CEO power over a co-opted CFO yields the achievement of earnings targets is the use of earnings management to inflate earnings."
"A dynamic programming solution of the nonlinear, single processor problem is possible, provided the number of jobs is small."
"Typically, a personnel assignment model is based on the assumption that ni persons of skill type i; i = 1, …, k, are to be assigned over mj jobs requiring skill j; j = 1, …, s, with a penalty score, dij, for assigning a person of skill type i to a job requiring j. Then algorithms are sought for an assignment matrix, X = ‖xij‖, which minimizes ∑i,jxijdij, under certain constraints, where xij is the number of persons of skill type i assigned to jobs of skill type j. An input to the problem, then is a determination, for a given organization, of the occupational categories, j = 1, …, s, to which personnel will be assigned."
"Using an incentivized discrete choice experiment, we show that first impressions matter: consumers more often follow advisers who dispense good advice before bad."
"We let the firms in the control group instead follow their intuitions about how to assess their idea, which has typically produced fairly standard search heuristics."
"Nevertheless, the signaling mechanism in both cases hinges on suitably distorting the manufacturer’s returns cost (i.e., the cost of repurchasing a retailer’s unsold inventory) by influencing the retailer’s regular stock (i.e., the portion of inventory carried to meet average demand) and safety stock (i.e., the extra inventory carried to meet potential high demand)."
"A central question in competitive dynamics is whether a competitive response can be predicted."
"To what degree are they reactive?"
"We conclude with a discussion of the general managerial implications of our findings."
"failure"
"Moreover, the low-risk exposure of stocks characterized by high idiosyncratic volatility lends support to real-option-based mechanisms to explain this negative relation."
"There is a general demand process with no stationarity or independence assumptions, partial or complete backlogging of unfilled demand, a fixed non-negative delivery lag (which may be positive only under complete backlogging), a nonstationary linear ordering cost, a nonstationary holding and shortage cost function, discounting of future costs, and nonstationary restrictions like budget and storage limitations."
"This paper presents a technique to determine the optimal number of lines to be leased on each link, subject to a limit on the network expense."
"User acceptance of computer technology: A comparison of two theoretical models."
"A general model accounted for 56 per cent of the variance of judgments of overall effectiveness made by the 84 managers."
"Ann Arbor, Mich.: Institute for Social Research, 1967, 211 pp.,"
"The ratio functions will hopefully be the subject of a paper that follows this.)"
"We show that a firm’s ability to access the public bond market for the first time is greatly improved when habitual dual holders (HDHs)—financial conglomerates that tend to simultaneously hold both equity and bonds of their portfolio firms—are among its shareholders."
"The simple greedy heuristic is shown to perform well except when revenues are concave in ad length, in which case the look-ahead aspect of the optimal schedule becomes more important."
"Most of these proposals are based on some form of utility function asserting that the social cost (or disutility) of N lives lost in a single accident is a function of Nα."
"Further in many cases, uniform subsidies simultaneously attain the best social welfare solution."
"We posit trust as a special epistemic state that depends on actors' beliefs about each others' beliefs as well as about states of the world."
"When we compare the prices posted by different Internet retailers we find substantial dispersion."
"Because of these conditions; optimum design constitutes a challenging research problem."
"However, a major drawback associated with the use of neural networks for decision making is their lack of explanation capability."
"JORSA, XVI(1) 87–90.), ("
"Our research takes an alternate approach by building from inventory theory and developing decentralized stock control policies for empty equipment."
"This paper presents an algorithm for generating correlated vectors of random numbers."
"However, preference-reporting mistakes do meaningfully harm mechanism performance."
"The preceding talks have dealt with potential uses by management of emerging and possible scientific developments."
"Management Sci.22 949–961; van Gigch, J. P. 1977."
"Green, Kolesar and Svoronos (in press) and Green and Kolesar (in press) use numerical methods to investigate the behavior of multiserver Markov queues with a Poisson arrival process having a sinusoidal arrival rate."
"12/(U.K.) (paper);—Seibert, Joseph and Wills, Gordon (Editors), Marketing Research, Selected Readings."
"The Effect of Payment Schemes on Inventory Decisions: The Role of Mental Accounting (p. 436)Li Chen, A. Gürhan Kök, Jordan D. TongDoes the payment scheme have an effect on inventory decisions in the newsvendor problem?"
"In a system of complements, like the PC, the value of the final product depends on how well the different components work together."
"Intuition suggests that one can decouple these unrelated problems and solve them separately without loss of generality."
"The capital budgeting problem of this decentralized organization is solved and analyzed with the aid of an algorithm based on mathematical decomposition."
"Each observation is assigned to one of four groups based on the direction of net insider trading (Buy, Sell) and the sign (+, −) of unexpected earnings."
"Timely reports and those by high-reputation brokers induce a quicker trading response, thus enhancing liquidity, whereas only timely reports induce a greater return response."
"The two supply chains are identical, except they may have different investment costs for information sharing."
"This paper was accepted by Axel Ockenfels, behavioral economics."
"An accident that causes little direct harm may have immense consequences if it increases the judged probability and seriousness of future accidents."
"This then leads to the optimal duration of a team being finite but stochastic, creating inefficiency, but being sufficiently long so that the elements of the team have an incentive to cooperate."
"1975."
"The newsvendor model captures the trade-off faced by a decision maker that needs to place a firm bet prior to the occurrence of a random event."
"However, acceptance of these techniques is hindered by the lack of statistical significance tests for their parameter estimates."
"Convergence is proven for convex problems and limited computational experience cited where the new procedure converges two to four times faster than the standard method."
"In classical inverse linear optimization, one assumes that a given solution is a candidate to be optimal."
"Competition decreases the expected value of cost information."
"Someday it may be possible to characterize social collectivities on a “meaningful set of orthogonal (independent) dimensions;” then “the definition of group and the discrimination of group from no-group [will] become arbitrary matters of convenience.” ("
"Finally, we demonstrate the practical benefits of data pooling using real data from a chain of retail drug stores in the context of inventory management."
"The models compared are the extended NBD–Pareto model, the recency, frequency, and monetary value model, two models nested in our proposed model, and a heuristic model that takes the average customer lifetime, the average interpurchase time, and the average dollar purchase amount observed in our estimation sample and uses them to predict the present value of future customer revenues at each purchase occasion in our hold-out sample."
"A callable product is a unit of capacity sold to self-selected low-fare customers who willingly grant the capacity provider the option to “call” the capacity at a prespecified recall price."
"Rather than pursuing a classical approach and assuming knowledge of the distribution of consumers' valuations, we emphasize the largely ignored discrete and sequential nature of such auctions."
"The Role of Experience Sampling and Graphical Displays on One's Investment Risk Appetite (p. 323)Christine Kaufmann, Martin Weber, Emily HaisleyForm or function: Do graphical displays have an effect on an individual's appetite for risk?"
"The resulting integrated treatment of risk and uncertainty is particularly useful for measuring ambiguity, i.e., the difference between uncertainty and risk."
"Our analyses also demonstrate that state income tax features affect the destination of the HQ move."
"We answer this question using a principal–agent framework in which both the principal and the agent must be incentivized to carry out investments (or effort) that increase the revenue they jointly create."
"The technique can be used to extend the capabilities of existing mathematical programming packages."
"Motivated in part by analysis techniques of discrete time linear time-invariant (LTI) systems, an object-oriented linear programming (OOLP) model is developed."
"Incumbent cable TV firms upgrade faster when located in markets with a potential municipal entrant."
"For instance, linear functions in mathematical programming often represent models of processes which exhibit randomness in resource availability, consumption rates, and activity levels.)"
"To motivate buyers to increase their order quantity, suppliers often rely on a well-established and widely used approach—they offer quantity discounts."
"While some theories, such as population ecology, seem to be clearly inapplicable, others, such as the equity theory of motivation, are more suitable, though they all require significant adjustment before they can be used to study and interpret the structure and processes of Chinese enterprises, and the attitudes and behavior of those employed in them."
"This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"Firms cite ample cash holdings as the most frequent reason to explain their lack of sensitivity."
"As a result, trustors misplaced their trust when they were unable to monitor their counterparts."
"Overcoming Resistance to Organizational Change: Strong Ties and Affective Cooptation (p. 819)Julie Battilana, Tiziana CasciaroKeep your friends close and your enemies closer!"
"We provide closed-form approximations for the bias and variance, which can then be used to derive confidence intervals around the value function estimates."
"On the positive side, the provider extracts a higher ease-of-use rent from the integrators because of the easier/cheaper integration."
"Our results suggest that, after the ads were removed, consumers were more likely to seek information from websites based on user-generated content or websites that focused on medical treatments not regulated by the FDA, such as Canadian pharmacies and sites promoting herbal remedies."
"In either equilibrium, the performance of the supply chain is strictly less than first best."
"failure"
"Management Sci.25 (3) 295–296.]"
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"In addition, university policy making in this field has tended to center around on-campus housing, neglecting the often substantial role played—or capable of being played—by the private market."
"A typographical error was made, after the page proof stage, in William M. Evan's “Toward a Theory of Inter-Organizational Relations,” Vol."
"More specifically, we offer hypotheses that relate initial design and development strategies to the number and the type of complementary product integrations achieved by a new venture in the initial years."
"Second, we study how the rate of diffusion differs between the two standards and between early- and later-adopting countries."
"We observe that packing workers at the warehouses of the Alibaba Group deviate from algorithmic prescriptions for 5.8% of packages, and these deviations increase packing time and reduce operational efficiency."
"Such problems and organizational consequences cannot be readily dealt with through central, comprehensive planning."
"The formal hierarchy and informal social processes complement each other in the exercise of influence."
"We also provide evidence that withdrawal behavior is responsive to the prices of durable goods such as cars."
"Thus, it was expected that 95 per cent of the samples of the zero procurement lead-time cases tried would have sample values within 100 per cent of the true mean value."
"However, our analysis demonstrates that PS can be an effective inventory-management mechanism even if the firm allocates products before knowing which product will be more popular and, thus, scarcer."
"Auctions and bidding models are attracting an ever increasing amount of attention."
"If the time span is divided into periods, the initial inventory provides the input for activities that occur in the first period or first stage."
"Among the pioneers in management science around 1900, differences along these dimensions are already noticeable."
"Finally, we also find evidence of the critical role that individual sales representatives play in creating successful interorganizational relationships."
"Data on the major pooled Canadian equity pension funds were used to provide an empirical test of the suggested solution approach."
"failure"
"When soliciting novel product ideas from the “crowd,” companies may opt to show a prototype in order to steer the generation of ideas in the desired direction."
"The model contributes to theory by integrating the critical phenomena of multiattribute preference, risk, and dynamics in an individual level expected utility framework."
"In order to explore this view further, a multi-equation econometric model is derived to determine the extent to which the spatial distribution of scientific talent is in turn reflected in regional economic activity."
"$4.50 and Electronic Data Processing for Business and Industry."
"This 3-period result is used as the basis for a rolling heuristic for T-period problems."
"Typically they encounter more short-lived investment opportunities than their budget can accommodate."
"The objective is to maximize the present value of net earnings from accounts receivable."
"The technique was developed for Lockheed Missiles & Space Company at Sunnyvale, California, and its implementation has provided management with a more efficient means of controlling the leased line network."
"We find that market closure and the volatility difference across trading and nontrading periods significantly change optimal trading strategies."
"This provides a new approach to studying the value of resource pooling in a system with differentiated service requirements."
"On the other hand, the applied researcher often has a clearer and more defined problem to begin with."
"Decisions seem to be a function of the decision maker's cognitive makeup which differs for different psychological types."
"The supplier with the lower final cost in the contest wins a larger share of the pooled profit fee."
"Monotonicity implies a weak form of separability of preferences across events that occur with unknown probability."
"In the last section, after the models have pin-pointed the organization problem, we shall return to a more detailed description of procedures found in practice."
"This positive relation is not subsumed by the arrival of investment-related news or other corporate disclosures or by subsequent earnings information and is concentrated among firms with high financial constraints and firms with lower levels of investor recognition."
"Selecting seeds uniformly at random is a basic but compelling strategy in that it distributes seeds broadly throughout the network."
"Our model employs results from repairable item inventory theory to capture switching-station operation; we embed this model in a behavioral model of motorist use and adoption."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Numerical experiments on synthetic and real auto loan data demonstrate that our algorithm significantly speeds up learning compared with prior-independent algorithms."
"We propose a joint estimation and robustness optimization (JERO) framework to mitigate estimation uncertainty in optimization problems by seamlessly incorporating both the parameter estimation procedure and the optimization problem."
"The results show that holding these firms upon their SSDPB initiation in a calendar portfolio earns a four-factor annualized excess return (alpha) of approximately 10% over the 1995–2008 sample period, beating 95% of all professional mutual funds in the United States."
"The models and the results presented in this study raise this question in a way that may prove helpful in a subsequent analysis designed to test the effects of operations research—or other factors—on the investment decisions now being undertaken."
"An optimization model is derived from the descriptive model under the assumption that a program of reduction of active cases has been specified."
"Depending on the criterion used, there was a four- to ten-fold difference among the plants."
"Methods to accomodate, or at least estimate for a linear function the implications of randomness in its components typically make several simplifying assumptions."
"We provide guidelines to farmers for enrolling crops in the subsidy programs, and show that our guidelines are supported by farmers’ enrollment statistics."
"The results emphasize the gap between nominal and actual performance of an algorithm and several practical issues to be resolved."
"We develop the family of conditional mean DTSMs where the dynamics depend on current yields and their history through a moving-average component."
"This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"In this paper, this short-term financing problem under certainty is formulated as a mathematical model and solved through the use of a general linear programming routine."
"The insight for management: The ideal design of markets for securities depends on market characteristics and trading environments."
"In this paper, we develop two models for the valuation of information technology (IT) investment projects using the real options approach."
"From a narrow point of view, linear programming is a method for calculating optimal operations plans for various corporate activities."
"For the plant layout problems used by Scriabin and Vergin with a flow dominance greater than 200% visual based methods are superior to computer algorithms."
"Recommendations are made for further research in this timely and important area of investigation."
"It is shown that a feasible schedule can be obtained by determining the maximum flow in a network, thus permitting the use of standard network flow codes."
"A model of this process is formulated, and an implicit enumeration algorithm is presented which optimizes the total expected discounted reward given the initial state."
"By coupling we mean that advertising dollars spent in generating sales for one product have an influence on the sales of another product."
"Balance delay time is the amount of idle time on production assembly lines caused by the uneven division of work among operators or stations."
"This paper investigates the effect of founders' professional-education background on the adoption of an open-science technology strategy, using a sample of 512 young biotechnology firms."
"One complicating factor is that the needs of customers is sometimes uncertain—specifically, it is difficult to know a priori which level of care a particular patient needs."
"$12.50—reviewed by Murray A. Geisler."
"Management of the sponsoring firm had planned to make a policy decision based on differences between averages of overlapping distributions."
"The paper evaluates and compares classes of multi-item inventory problems, where joint order of several items may save a part of the setup cost."
"failure"
"As a consequence, players choose a dynamic rule level (i.e., sophisticated learning) from a varying rule hierarchy (i.e., adaptive learning)."
"Note on “Maximizing insurance buyers' utility.”"
"Using this approach, we find that both liquidity shocks and investor sentiment contribute to the observed short-term reversal, but in different ways: Specifically, the reversal profit is attributable to liquidity shocks on the long side because fire sales more likely demand liquidity, and it is attributable to investor sentiment on the short side because short-sale constraints prevent the immediate elimination of overvaluation."
"Furthermore, we find that targeting job seekers based on our proposed approach can lead to a 29% increase in profits of a targeting campaign relative to the approach that was used by the social network platform."
"I find support for the view."
"Traditionally, a university will formulate its policies for student housing on a short-run basis, adjusting its plans for residence hall and other on-campus housing from time to time to meet expected crises in the next few years ahead."
"These decisions include the timing and level of promotion, and the level of production."
"Results on controlled (Monte-Carlo) experiments solving LP problems which were randomly generated according to some predetermined distributions.3."
"This paper introduces a technique for improving preference assessment by reducing the influence of context on preferential choices."
"We suggest pricing policies that can address consumer decisions driven by such reference dependence and loss aversion."
"We also establish a link to a proper indirect mean-variance-skewness utility function."
"New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1960, 322 pp."
"The difference between the commonality achieved with and without pair splitting crucially depends on the underlying structure of the problem."
"Some results obtained for a military supply system, where the reduction in leadtime is achieved by resorting to airlift rather than sealift, are presented."
"Finally, results of extensive tests on the solution procedure are presented and a “real-world” scale example is solved to explore the implications of the model."
"For instance the hypermedian and generalized median formulations involve minimizations over absolute value terms in the functional."
"Experiments 1 and 2 show the effect employing a pricing paradigm."
"Investment theory suggests that a firm's benefits often depend upon its investment portfolio and that an investment in basic research that is not supported by suitable investments in other activities (e.g., plant and equipment, personnel training, etc.)"
"Lens or Prism?"
"Moreover, I compute optimized choice sets and priorities for elementary school choice in Boston."
"We use this framework to examine optional reinsurance as an alternative risk mitigation mechanism."
"The net benefits of magnetic fusion R&D are assessed by computing the discounted expected cost savings attributable to commercial magnetic fusion energy minus the discounted costs of the R&D program."
"Further analysis suggests that this underperformance may stem from the influence of rush on activities taking place in the “last mile” of the licensing process and could hinge on the quality of the agreements that firms converge to during contract negotiations."
"Specifically, we prove that it is possible to have almost all inbound calls answered immediately upon their arrival, in addition to satisfying a target long-run throughput rate of outbound calls, with at most a negligible proportion of those calls dropped."
"Computational results show that 50 variable problems can be solved in an average of 4 milliseconds and 200 variable problems in an average of 7 milliseconds on an IBM 360/91."
"Additional analyses suggest that managers tend to opportunistically adjust the odds of having star funds to exploit the return effect."
"Furthermore, numerical studies generate certain managerial insights into related design and control issues."
"However, such moves may also make imitation by local competitors easier."
"In the main application, we present a model for limit order books with stochastic market depth to study the optimal order execution problem; stochastic market depth is consistent with empirical studies and necessary to accommodate various order activities."
"2004."
"failure"
"However, conformance quality and experiential quality each independently increase cost per discharge, which suggests that a readmissions–costs trade-off is unavoidable."
"Computational results using real data are reported."
"The resulting primal problem is shown, subject to a qualification, to have an optimal solution if and only if the dual has one, and in this case the values of their respective objective functions are equal."
"The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission enacted Rule 10b5-1 to deter insiders from trading with private information, yet also protect insiders' preplanned, non-information-based trades from litigation."
"Three recent computational reduction techniques based primarily on the introduction of the artifice of pseudo-tasks and pseudo-stages are invoked to treat different variations of this essentially nonserial critical path-cost problem."
"Among these are: minimization of the weighted number of tardy jobs, maximization of weighted earliness, minimization of tardiness with respect to common relative and absolute deadlines, and minimization of weighted tardiness with respect to a common deadline."
"We explore this in the context of ridesharing platforms where early evidence documents bias similar to what has been observed in traditional transportation systems."
"We use the flexible accelerator model of investment and find that it is a good predictor of country-level IT investment."
"We demonstrate this pattern in a domain where there is agreement concerning the balance of evidence (pairings of teams according to their seed in a basketball tournament) but individual differences in the perception of the epistemicness/aleatoriness of that domain (Study 1), across a range of domains that vary in their perceived epistemicness/aleatoriness (Study 2), in a single judgment task for which we only vary the degree of randomness with which events are selected (Study 3), and when we prime participants to see events as more epistemic or aleatory (Study 4)."
"First, cooperation is surprisingly high for amounts that would usually be considered consequential but look tiny in the context of the game, what the authors call a “big peanuts” phenomenon."
"The field of management science has reached a stage of development where it can profit from the enriched collection of empirical information currently available about factory problems."
"For tractability, we take an “engineering” approach, in which we solve a large-market approximation, and convert the solution into a feasible finite-market mechanism that still yields good results."
"We examine the role of information-based stock trading in affecting the risk–incentive relation."
"Our estimates imply positive spillover effects of entry."
"In this paper, we show how call centers can improve customer service by implementing personalized priority policies."
"We estimate that our design would yield a 16% decrease in trial costs relative to existing clinical trial designs, while maintaining the same Type I/II error rates."
"The suggested approach captures spatial dependence flexibly while allowing us to identify managerially actionable segments that effectively balance homogeneity and spatial concentration."
"The final section contains a summarization and critique of the theory, its limitations, and its possibilities as a guide to practical decision-making."
"have investigated nonstationary chain properties in the case of aggregated data but have not looked at estimation."
"1960."
"Management Sci.15 (12, August) B-635–B-649)—by Socrates Litsios, Chief, Operational Research Unit Division of Research in Epidemiology and Communications Science, World Health Organization, Geneva, Switzerland;—Reply to Dr. Socrates Litsios—by Ian I. Mitroff, Graduate School of Business, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania 15213;—On the Credit Granting Decision—by Harold Bierman, Jr., Warren H. Hausman, Cornell University, Ithaca, New York 14850."
"It is shown that the proposed system offers substantial cost savings relative to a system without the emergency replenishment option."
"Line reversal means that every item passes through the stations in the reverse order, that is, beginning with station k and ending with station 1."
"The effectiveness of QMC methods crucially depends on the discontinuity and the dimension of the problem."
"In this paper some structural properties of the problem are studied and used to design a new polynomial-time heuristic algorithm which always guarantees the use of the minimum number of vehicles."
"In a first step, we consider two ex ante identical firms whose offerings entirely depend on user-generated content."
"The scale measures information preferences in three domains that are psychologically and materially consequential: consumer finance, personal characteristics, and health."
"In the second, in which production rates are dependent on the production line, an algorithm is developed to obtain a solution."
"An important restriction which frequently appears in the bid specifications for new issues of municipal bonds is that the total dollar amount to be paid for both principal and interest by the municipality in any given year of the issue must not be significantly different from the total dollar amount to be paid in any other year, i.e., that the total payout pattern over the lifetime of the bond issue must be substantially level."
"We show that relational styles that are consistent facilitate a clear understanding of expectations and thus exchange."
"As each job arrives, its value is observed and the decision-maker must decide which man, if any, to assign to this job."
"Versions of these policies have been tested and implemented at three major retail chains and these applications are summarized and discussed."
"The optimal execution policy obtained by the algorithm significantly outperforms that of a deterministic market depth model in numerical examples."
"We show that workers do react to the speed of their coworkers, but that individual reactions vary widely."
"security token offerings)—taking into account moral hazard (cash diversion), product characteristics, and customer demand uncertainty; (ii) make predictions on ICO success/failure; and (iii) discuss implications on firm operating strategy."
"The technique is simpler, more general and of wider applicability than that proposed of Hudson."
"Some empirical tests of the criss-cross method."
"Thus, firms with a high degree of interdependence suffer less in these environments."
"Competition for readers from other newspapers mitigates proadvertiser bias, and competition for advertising by online platforms exacerbates it."
"We examine the signaling role of buyback contracts when the retailer is less informed about either the manufacturer’s reliability of honoring the buyback commitment (e.g., for a small/less-established manufacturer) or its product’s market potential (e.g., for a national brand manufacturer)."
"If household-level choice behaviors are not recovered successfully, managerial decisions such as marketing-mix planning and targeting, direct marketing, segmentation, and forecasting may not produce the desired results."
"$8.95;—Hester, Donald D. and James Tobin (eds.),"
"Computational results for the four algorithms are provided."
"The paper includes an analysis of computational experience and describes how the algorithm can be used in a real time environment with deadlines."
"However, control variables (e.g., reward structures, task characteristics, and information systems) offer a more flexible approach."
"Participants receive information about a risky fund and a risk-free fund and make an allocation between the two in an experimental investment portfolio."
"We found that the actual precision and confidence obtained for each of the inventory policies and procurement lead-time cases tested did correspond closely with expectation."
"This is done both within the context of the method of independent replications and the regenerative method."
"Using this measure, results from various algorithms are compared."
"The techniques have become more fully developed and it is the purpose of this article to develop some conclusions we have been able to draw from our experience in applying the concepts."
"We also discuss a concept of welfare-preserving redistribution wherein the Fed allows a group of DIs to reallocate (amongst themselves) their deposits and demand if such a possibility does not increase societal cost."
"Using the dynamic programming technique we show that this assortment problem is equivalent to the economic lot size problem and also to the routing problem."
"These also allow the manufacturer to resolve related questions concerning, for example, whether the service capacities of the contracted vendors are sufficient to deliver an effective post-sales service."
"We considered two cases: the same transaction costs for the two assets, and costs incurred on only the risky asset."
"of which this is a condensation, we also (i) show how known conditions under which a Borel measurable policy is optimal in an infinite horizon, nonstationary Markov decision process, fit into our framework, and (ii) provide conditions under which a generalized (s, S) policy [Porteus, E. 1971."
"Misallocation during the FY81-FY86 period is estimated to have cost the Army approximately 3.5% of its total incentives expended in infantry recruiting recruiting."
"Our results extend and complement those of Karmarkar and Schrage (1985), Afentakis and Gavish (1986), Eppen and Martin (1987) and Van Roy and Wolsey (1987)."
"The reader will readily find further illustrations of the type of planning problems we are describing here."
"Several papers in the recent marketing literature have suggested that delegation in distribution (e.g., the use of independent middlemen) helps manufacturers to precommit strategically to profit-enhancing competitive actions."
"Our results show that the size of informal interfirm networks really matters."
"First, they find that the magnitude of financial consequences of device recalls depends on the product scope, sales, growth prospects, and the capital structure of a firm."
"141, Graduate School of Business, Stanford University, 71 pp.,"
"Empirically, we test model predictions and find that larger disagreement (i) lowers the risk-free rate, (ii) raises the slope of the yield curve, and (iii) with positive sentiment increases bond risk premia and makes its dynamics countercyclical."
"On the other hand, by examining the rate of output transformation, both models agree that patient days devoted to care of children are more resource intensive than those devoted to adults or to the elderly."
"It may also provide good estimates of future profits."
"The study highlights how customer switching costs can enable or inhibit choices of firm scope."
"The least robust teams to worst-case injury, those whose performance is driven by one or two star players, are over four times as fragile as the most robust teams."
"We conclude by testing our method on realistic instances and convey the potential practical impact for retailers."
"We examine the implications of our theory for consumer and social welfare, and also draw managerial implications."
"These findings are consistent with firms engaging in real earnings management and suggest that effects on subsequent reporting periods and competitor behavior are greater than previously documented."
"Overlapping product development activities is an important component of concurrent product development that can help firms develop products faster."
"We then provide a detailed supermodularity analysis of the inventory-sharing and inventory-rationing game in which each dealer has a two-dimensional strategy set (stocking level and rationing level)."
"We emphasize the difference between the risk bidders face over whether they win the auction (extensive risk) and the risk they face over the value of the prize conditional on winning (intensive risk)."
"We propose a simple, order-based component allocation rule and show that it can be solved in either polynomial or pseudopolynomial time."
"Third, optimal effort is stochastic (state dependent)."
"To answer the second question, we find that a simple affine jump-diffusion model with both stochastic volatility and double-exponential jumps fits both the S&P 500 and the NASDAQ-100 daily returns from 1980 to 2013 well; the model outperforms existing ones (e.g., models with variance-gamma jumps or jumps in volatility) during the crisis and is at least comparable before the crisis."
"In short, personal experience matters."
"The executives typed their organizations using textual descriptions of strategies."
"Owners are able to generate income from renting their products to nonowners while nonowners are able to access these products through renting on an as-needed basis."
"IBM Technical Report 09.01028.026.]."
"Because other consequences of relegation would tend to work against individuals’ long-run success, the positive net gain is most likely to be the result of greater on-the-job experience."
"We find that experts can differentiate among early-stage ventures on grounds of quality beyond the explicit venture and entrepreneur characteristics contained in the written summaries."
"$9.50;—Fisher, Walter D., Clustering and Aggregation in Economics."
"There is also evidence that early sales plan terminations are associated with pending positive performance shifts, reducing the likelihood that insiders' sales execute at low prices."
"Associated with each problem one defines a weighted potential function which is minimized using a variant of the projective algorithm."
"The only exact method in the literature to obtain the optimal nonrandomized policy for a constrained MDP is enumeration, which is often computationally prohibitive."
"We evaluate several aspects of individual flexibility, such as how much value individual players bring to their team in terms of average and worst-case performance."
"We also examine the implications when the two dimensions of manufacturer’s private information are correlated."
"For the lost sales case, a similar relation to a closed queueing network can be used to characterize the optimal control parameters."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"In addition to describing this new approach, the work reported here demonstrates the basic technical feasibility of these ideas and gives one example of their use in a field study."
"Past treatment of the single machine maintenance problem has shown that preventive maintenance may be desirable for equipment for which failures are caused at least partially by wear-out factors."
"An approach is presented for the solution of the discrete conveyor model for service time distributions which are general but bounded and where there is no storage at work stations and no recirculation."
"The application of the heuristic also suggests questions for further diffusion and implementation experiments."
"Personalization appears to be a tool that helps users widen their interests, which in turn creates commonality with others."
"However, patent volume is positively correlated with paper citations, suggesting that patent counts may be reasonable measures of research impact."
"For the former, our examples show that using optimal dynamic optimal policies achieves 2.4–7.3% revenue improvement over the optimal single price policy."
"Collecting data to discriminate between models of risky choice requires careful selection of decision stimuli."
"A deterministic, continuous time, nonstationary, multiproduct inventory model is formulated to find the number of joint replenishments, the order quantities, and the times at which orders should be placed which minimize the total cost over a finite time horizon."
"Given the probability density function and the cumulative distribution of the installed capacity, a variety of performance measures is derived, including the expected value, the mode, and the variance of the installed capacity, and the expected total costs."
"In this paper a proof of Herbert Scarf's on the optimality of (S, s) policies in inventory theory is extended to cases where differentiability of cost functions may not be available."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"Four main contingencies of local-imported values' incongruence are described, and their implications for “entry” and “coping” strategies of cross-national organizations are discussed."
"If he Enters or Leaves the system, his decision is final and no further actions are taken."
"Various applications for the formulation are discussed."
"It is concluded that neural network rule extraction and decision tables are powerful management tools that allow us to build advanced and userfriendly decision-support systems for credit-risk evaluation."
"Before one can determine the number of repair men in an organization, among other factors, one must determine the number of their occupational categories."
"We demonstrate the application of our framework for model estimation and evaluation in production planning and cancer therapy."
"We focus on returns to an MBA and the IT-related experience of IT professionals and use the largest data set of IT professionals that has been compiled to date in the United States to answer our research questions."
"The insight for management: An advanced methodology has been developed that can be used in several applications, including an asset pricing example and a numerical multi-item newsvendor example."
"We use a social learning perspective to extend our understanding of information technology (IT) investment and return."
"The customers are heterogeneous in their valuation for the product."
"This study empirically investigates the origin of this strategic divergence by focusing on changes in firms' R&D inputs and outputs."
"The root of the problem lies in the fact that the decision maker must calibrate the expert's information."
"For the firm, in addition to the card benefits that were passed up, the psychological utility generated an additional average benefit of $1.21 per redemption."
"The call center makes two strategic decisions: how many agents to have and how much effort to exert to achieve service quality."
"We develop two tractable conservative approximations for the VaR of a derivative portfolio by evaluating the worst-case VaR over all return distributions of the derivative underliers with given first- and second-order moments."
"Their effectiveness, measured in terms of computing time, error and relative error, is evaluated on a set of problems from the literature and randomly generated 0-1 test problems with nonnegative coefficients."
"Ranking Intervals and Dominance Relations for Ratio-Based Efficiency Analysis (p. 200)Ahti Salo, Antti PunkkaHow can effective benchmarking be conducted when there are extreme outliers?"
"Of all the probabilities that a given model might have produced, those obtained by MLE yield maximum in-sample betting return to a log utility investor."
"Objectives have long been considered a basis for sound decision making."
"We estimate that 13.6% of all option grants to top executives during the period 1996–2005 were backdated or otherwise manipulated."
"The breadth and scope of the reactions to our implementation paper are very gratifying."
"However, the question is surely answerable, and the purpose of this note is to describe the approach which has been used by the author in answering this question."
"Large stable projects with highly educated personnel performed best."
"A core practice of extreme programming is pair programming, where two developers work on the same piece of code."
"Management Sci.14(6, February) B-294–B-301.]."
"Overall, activist hedge funds play an important role in the market for corporate control by increasing the efficiency of target firms’ M&A activities through interventions."
"I will use this opportunity for response to set my work in perspective."
"We advocate that tactics that may intensify consumers’ misperception of availability, such as disclosing low inventory levels, can have a far-reaching impact on improving the seller’s profit."
"We model financial contracting in entrepreneurial ventures."
"This paper is concerned with the problem of scheduling tasks on a system consisting of two parallel processors in order that makespan be minimized."
"I use detailed data on U.S. lobbying services to answer this question."
"This is done by using one of the efficient procedures that now exist for computing the shortest route through a network (Dantzig, George B. 1960."
"We illustrate their use by optimizing base-stock levels for a subsystem of the PC assembly and distribution system of a major computer manufacturer."
"How should the DTCA strategy for a firm vary depending on whether it is stronger or weaker in its degree of influence in the physician's office?"
"Interestingly, the model predicts heterogeneity in gambling behavior: How a gambler behaves depends on whether he is aware of the time inconsistency."
"We measure the impact of bank capital requirements on corporate borrowing, investment, and employment using loan-level data."
"The primary concern of this paper is the establishment of a forecasting procedure for largest earthquake magnitudes of the next n years."
"We argue that the \"pizza-bin\" approach of rejecting prospective technologies outright may not serve firms well when the pressure to differentiate products is enormous."
"After characterizing the optimal control policy and identifying some practical heuristics, we use this model to examine the differences between discretionary and nondiscretionary work."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"By examining the state of operations management (OM) research from 1980 to 2015 and by considering three new industry trends, we propose new OM research directions in socially and environmentally responsible value chains that fundamentally expand existing OM research in three dimensions: (a) contexts (emerging and developing economies); (b) objectives (economic, environmental, and social responsibility); and (c) stakeholders (producers, consumers, shareholders, for-profit/nonprofit/social enterprises, governments, and nongovernmental organizations)."
"The degree of risk aversion shows significant cross-country differences."
"Which approach should be followed?"
"These also suggest approximations to the optimal solution."
"This paper was accepted by Noah Gans, stochastic models and simulation."
"This study investigates the additional cost of cyclical scheduling."
"Assuming that unmet demand is lost and unobserved, this learning must be based on observing sales rather than demand, which differs from sales in the event of a stockout."
"In Part III, the selection technique is demonstrated by application to a very simplified case, and many of the problems involved in more complex cases are brought out."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"In general the universities seem to be doing excellently in teaching the basic mathematical skills."
"The growing market for retail structured investment products and empirical evidence for excessive pricing of such products raise the hypothesis that private investors show increased risk appetite in structured investment contexts."
"We use clinical data to calibrate these models and present insightful numerical results, including comparisons to policies commonly used in practice."
"Our empirical evidence is consistent with these predictions."
"main point that there is little evidence of learning (i.e. improvement in the accuracy of estimates) in the period before work starts."
"This paper was accepted by Lauren Cohen, finance."
"When manufacturers do not have sufficient capacity to meet demand and cannot increase prices, they have to determine other methods to allocate goods among retailers."
"Fourth, the effort, measured by CPU time, for SFT to estimate a good due date depends upon the ratio of activity resources required to total resources available, rather than the number of activities across all projects."
"This approach leads to a significantly improved integer programming model requiring substantially smaller number of variables and computer memory."
"Through a stylized two-plant, two-product capacitated manufacturing setting, we show that the performance of the system depends heavily on the allocation mechanism used to assign products to the available capacity."
"A heuristic fitting procedure yields a model which has consistent estimated parameters and explains about 70% of the variance."
"Consumers can decide whether to acquire more information about their valuations prior to purchase."
"The buyer sources a product from a supplier and then inspects and sells it on the market, subject to quality standards such as regulations about chemical content."
"Several variants of the patient server model are considered."
"We also present a new methodology to produce realistic test problems based on the round-by-round results of FCC Auction #4."
"Recent changes in the structure of access rates, which were mandated by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), have created opportunities for long-distance companies to better manage access costs."
"4) A comparison of the model's predictive ability with those from two extant specifications reveals that the proposed model outperforms rival specifications."
"We apply our model to a number of strategic games that commonly appear in the literature."
"However, a positive review posted on a guest’s page significantly reduces discrimination: when guest accounts receive a positive review, the acceptance rates of guest accounts with white- and African American–sounding names are statistically indistinguishable."
"In the model, the objective of the firm is to maximize, subject to various constraints, the discounted value of operating profits less the costs of new capacity and the interest on borrowed funds (or plus the interest on savings) over a fixed decision-making interval plus the discounted value of capacity at the end of the period."
"The method is easily implemented using standard software for closed queueing networks."
"Management Sci.25 191–204.)"
"We identify analysts’ information acquisition patterns by linking EDGAR (Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval) server activity to analysts’ brokerage houses."
"First, competing in such an environment may lead firms to overinvest in capacity, with none gaining a competitive advantage."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"When the preopening is nonbinding, traders place manipulative orders, reducing the credibility of preplay communication."
"We consider the structure of single elimination tournaments, and show how to efficiently calculate the mean and the variance of the number of correctly predicted wins (or more generally the total points earned in an office pool) for a given slate of predicted winners."
"At the end of a day, the manager evaluates information regarding the performance levels of the activities during that day and decides which activity to attend to, since he can control only one at a time."
"This paper was accepted by Olav Sorenson, organizations."
"The copula that underlies the multivariate normal distribution provides the basis for modeling dependence, but arbitrary marginals are allowed."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2610.This paper was accepted by Gad Allon, operations management."
"The other two models in the family, referred to as the graphical model and the intermediate model, are smaller in scope than the dynamic model (they treat time as a parameter and are not time-dependent) but are easier to use, and offer alternative approaches which can provide some of the same insights as the dynamic model."
"1964."
"From a practical perspective, these results and conclusions inform efforts to increase or decrease tipping."
"The estimators have application in problems of stochastic dominance in the context of portfolio analysis and in other situations of intertwining cumulative probability distributions."
"A number of important new results are derived that were not originally envisaged: The method generates primal-feasible and dual-feasible points, the primal objective is monotonically decreased, and a subproblem of the original programming problem is solved with each unconstrained minimization."
"We term such services, in which the interaction between quality and speed is critical, as customer-intensive services."
"The paper also introduces a sequencing procedure for determining the order in which models are to flow down the line."
"Collaborative consumption has emerged as a major trend as the global economic recession and social concerns about consumption sustainability lead consumers and society as a whole to explore more efficient use of resources and products."
"Our analysis indicates that while network effects as well as switching costs lead to the tipping of markets, such tipping occurs primarily due to the moderating effects of the competing channel."
"These methods are compared under certain assumptions regarding the form of the distributions and also under experimental conditions."
"Using data on U.S. carburetor and clutch manufacturers from 1918 to 1942, we found that suppliers of high-modularity components benefited more from autonomy provided by potential customers, whereas suppliers of low-modularity components benefited more from ties to higher status customers."
"However, the vendor has the autonomy of holding small orders until an agreeable dispatch time with the expectation that an economical consolidated dispatch quantity accumulates."
"The policy of accelerated dollar averaging as discussed by William T. Morris is an excellent contribution (Morris, W. T. 1959."
"Beyond the Glass Ceiling: Does Gender Matter? ("
"Our proposed contract and balancing mechanism can mediate between rapidly fluctuating prices and the longer time scales over which bandwidth contracts may be traded."
"Guided by feedback patterns observed on eBay and other platforms, we run laboratory experiments to investigate how reciprocity can be managed by changes in the way feedback information flows through the system, leading to more accurate reputation information, more trust, and more efficient trade."
"The basic researcher often wants to reap the benefits of the peer review system (both the reader and the writer) and is more willing to stand the time delay for the written information source."
"The approach is applicable to the analysis of practical situations such as contract bidding, flow in shops, etc."
"Composite schedule functions are represented by algebraic formulae which are applicable in both the probabilistic and non-probabilistic cases."
"In the first stage, the manufacturers decide whether to invest in information sharing."
"The method of analysis is an approximate approach which parallels that of Hadley and Whitin in the no-decay case."
"Analyses of patenting in the hard disk drive industry support our prediction and indicate that collaboration with other inventors and organizational norms for exploration attenuate the tendency for successful individuals to generate increasingly incremental ideas."
"In addition to providing an explanation for why empirical tests of risk-incentive relationships have produced mixed results, the analysis generates insights that can be useful in guiding future empirical research."
"—Editorial by Martin K. Starr, Columbia University"
"Findings indicate that learning is located not only in actors' cognitions or past experiences, but also in relations among actors, and that viewing learning as a social process helps solve problems regarding knowledge transfer and learning in markets."
"We study a two-tier supply chain with a single supplier and a single buyer to characterize the impact of contract complexity and asymmetric information on performance and to compare theoretical predictions to actual behavior in human subject experiments."
"The value of this network derives from the opportunity to benefit from uncertainty through the coordination of subsidiaries which are geographically dispersed."
"Management Sci.27 (December) 1370–1382.)."
"Finally, the fallacy of the use of risk adjusted exchange rates for specific exchange management operations is discussed."
"For the exact solution of the problem we employ a basic enumeration scheme."
"Since no standards for technology choice currently exist and user demand is expected to increase, system flexibility is also an important concern."
"Moreover, this class of satisficing measures has an ambiguity interpretation in terms of robust guarantees on the expected performance because the underlying distribution deviates from the investor's reference distribution."
"1995), who modeled sampling as an important factor in the diffusion of new products."
"Assuming linear costs for the suppliers, we study within a game-theoretic framework the sequence of bids arising in this smart market."
"In this paper an easy to implement model is developed to aid management in this activity."
"Little empirical work has been done so far to validate the theoretical predictions."
"Using daily Nielsen ratings as a direct measure of attention, we find that the overnight return is strongest when high-income viewership is high."
"Under some assumptions, these targets are monotone in the spot price and partition the available inventory and spot-price space in each stage into three regions, where it is, respectively, optimal to buy and inject, do nothing, and withdraw and sell."
"We show that VMI intensifies the competition between manufacturers of competing brands and that the increased competition benefits a retailer that stocks these brands."
"The smoothing of fluctuations in production and inventory has been handled successfully as a problem in servomechanisms: an optimal linear filter (production scheduling policy) balances costs of inventory fluctuation and costs of production fluctuation."
"The class of capacitated transshipment problems solved is the most general of the minimum cost network flow models which include the capacitated and uncapacitated transportation problems and the classical assignment problem; these formulations are used for a large number of diverse applications to determine how (or at what rate) a good should flow through the arcs of a network to minimize total shipment costs."
"Sequential Sampling with Economics of Selection Procedures (p. 550)Stephen E. Chick, Peter FrazierStop or shop?"
"The Theory of Business Finance: A Book of Readings."
"When this cost is decomposed into systematic and idiosyncratic components, we find that nearly half (1.8%) comes from mistiming idiosyncratic shocks."
"This paper was accepted by Ashish Arora, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"The researcher and the manager: A dialectic of implementation."
"failure"
"We show that, although the introduction of ride sharing may reduce car ownership, it can lead to an increase in traffic."
"1972."
"We consider the problem of controlling a single-server queue by turning the server on and off."
"In many business transactions, labor-management relations, international conflicts, and welfare-state reforms, bargainers hold strong entitlements that are often generated by claims that are not feasible anymore."
"In this paper, we present an analytical model for coordinating inventory and transportation decisions in VMI systems."
"It attempts to show that Scriabin's and Vergin's experiments do not provide a useful comparison of computers and humans, and to point out several experimental procedures that would make comparisons of heuristic computer algorithms and humans more valid."
"In this paper we study the adoption and design of reward programs in the context of capacity management."
"The notions of hierarchical and mutual interaction structures are examined and contrasted with the notion of decentralization."
"Third, models/methods are optimized for each forecasting horizon separately, making it possible to have different models/methods to predict each of the m horizons."
"A large literature reports that proximity influences investment."
"An illustrative experiment is discussed."
"failure"
"We find a high degree of regularity within choice tasks and also within valuation tasks, but the two types of tasks appear to evoke very different cognitive processes, even when the experimental environment tries to minimise differences."
"The finite horizon nonstationary stochastic inventory problem near-myopic bounds, heuristics, testing."
"The procedure is based on Kuhn's combinatorial algorithm for the assignment problem and a simple “labeling process” for solving maximal flow problems in networks."
"A problem of finding optimal policies for the management of systems whose deterioration can be expressed as a Markov chain is considered."
"The example he chose (obtaining a subjective probability distribution on market share) is in many ways inappropriate for Smith's technique, and although his procedure is more “mathematical” than some existing methods, it is not as relevant."
"This paper develops methods to determine appropriate staffing levels in call centers and other many-server queueing systems with time-varying arrival rates."
"It is then shown how the application of a partitioning algorithm within Ruefli's framework can overcome these interpretation shortcomings."
"We also find that IT architecture flexibility enhances the value of arm's-length, collaborative, and joint-venture alliances."
"Using detailed data on container movements gathered from two large international terminals, the authors simulate the impact of the inspection policies that are being considered."
"The ordering cost is assumed to consist of a linear purchase cost and a cost K for each vehicle used."
"Optimal order quantities are developed for extended payment privileges that occur at a reorder point of between reorder points."
"In this setting, we find that the firm’s optimal policy differs significantly depending on the level of the ex ante quality uncertainty surrounding the product."
"The major problem in “layout” is to determine the most economical relative location of facilities."
"Extensive tests within a rolling horizon environment have demonstrated that the modified model solved by an exact algorithm now performs at least as well as well-known heuristics and is fairly insensitive to the length of the planning horizon."
"Advances in prospect theory: Cumulative representation of uncertainty."
"This paper offers an empirical examination of this distinction using experimental methods."
"Science in management is an appropriate complement to the management sciences and we believe, therefore, that integration of Management Science, Management Technology and the Bulletin should be a very effective means for carrying out the aims of the Institute as expressed in its publication policy."
"In this paper, nonlinear product-mix models which incorporate learning effects are formulated and a procedure is developed for their solution."
"We apply our framework to the statin market in Canada, where drugs rely on a similar mechanism to reduce the cholesterol level."
"We derive a general expression that characterizes the multiple equilibria that can arise in such auctions and segregate these into desirable and undesirable categories."
"Stronger correlation always induces higher effort, whereas weaker correlation may induce less effort in services with heterogeneous step types."
"This paper was accepted by James Smith, decision analysis."
"We consider a system which consists of several subsystems."
"Man has learned that individual and personal rewards derive largely from an harmonious combination of individual work and teamwork in a soundly organized frame of reference, and thus the core of the history of “Scientific Management” is formed from his search for the techniques of joint but voluntary participation while still preserving individual initiative, creative imagination, and increasingly productive output."
"Linear as well as nonlinear attribute utility functions were used in constructing the additive models."
"Because the planning horizon results obtained in this paper free the solution from an arbitrary horizon and ascertain the optimality of the first period decision or the first few periods decisions based on the forecast of technology only up to some finite period T, these results represent a major advance in the machine replacement literature."
"This study proposes two new features to avoid these limits: (a) strictly separating all forced and all free choice questions and (b) an adaptive mechanism to select fewer, but more informative, free choice questions."
"1971."
"However, the theoretical model still appears to be a useful tool for understanding how business negotiations vary across cultural groups."
"Therefore, both parties have an incentive to invest in quality-improvement efforts."
"Second, changes in investment efficiency relate positively with analyst feedback."
"Books Received"
"Both the structure and computational methods used have potential application to other sampling inspection problems."
"Quantitative approaches to the design of incentives in business firms are surveyed by drawing on writings from management science, finance, decision analysis, and mathematical economics."
"We develop a modular and tractable framework for solving an adaptive distributionally robust linear optimization problem, where we minimize the worst-case expected cost over an ambiguity set of probability distributions."
"On the basis of their performance in 11,000 computer generated problems, the seven heuristic methods are compared with each other and with a dynamic programming algorithm."
"The information technology (IT) industry is characterized by rapid innovation and intense competition."
"Prior research suggests portfolio entrepreneurs—businesspeople who run more than one firm simultaneously—launch more successful ventures than their single-business counterparts."
"In Part I, a Basic Parametric Procedure is derived and shown to be finite in a certain sense."
"Customers who live in areas with a high branch density or high Internet banking penetration increase their product acquisition and transaction activity more than Internet banking adopters in other regions."
"These effects are further explored with respect to employees at different hierarchical levels as well as at firms of different sizes and from different sectors."
"In these two special cases, the algorithm of this paper is identical with Howard's."
"Extensions to multifare structures, network models, overbooking, and to other industries are discussed."
"1992."
"Investment in information technology (IT) is an important driver of economic growth and productivity in the United States and other developed countries, but as yet it is not shown to be a significant driver in developing countries."
"If he chooses to Wait, he makes a new decision at the next service completion where he may, again, select one of the three options: Enter, Leave, or Wait."
"We show that a “suspicious” subjective expected utility (SEU) maximizer, i.e., one who treats potential consequences of states as information useful in assessing the probability of those states, may under reasonable circumstances act as though he were maximizing either weighted linear utility, or skew-symmetric bilinear (SSB) utility."
"Reasonable values are are assigned to the parameters and the relative profitability of such a simultaneous formulation, compared to a sequential model, is tested."
"Two existing algorithms are used as illustrations and a discussion of computational efficiency is included."
"We demonstrate that increased switching creates an incentive for publishers to invest in quality as well as extend the number of unique users, because larger publishers are favored by advertisers seeking broader “reach” (more unique users) while avoiding inefficient duplication."
"Overall, our results indicate that SFAS158 generated real changes in rating agency adjustments and that these changes had real consequences for firms’ credit ratings."
"This paper presents an equilibrium explanation for the persistence of naive bidding."
"In incentivized forecasting tasks, participants chose between using their own forecasts or those of an algorithm that was built by experts."
"Problem solvers usually build a simplified model of the real world and then use it to generate a solution to their problem."
"Book Reviews—Bass, F. M., et al.,"
"We also allow for the possibility that the manufacturer may use versioning to counter piracy."
"There is little competition for the attention of those seeds’ friends, and these friends are therefore responsive to the messages they receive."
"These results, and their implications for marketing practitioners as well as future research, are discussed."
"Extensive numerical tests underscore the importance of the key properties of the optimal policy and provide operational and managerial insights on the value of the short-term demand forecast and the robustness of the optimal policy."
"Barberis N, Shleifer A, Vishny R (1998) A model of investor sentiment."
"We also show how the methodology can be applied, taking existing products of both the firm and the competition into account."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, finance."
"Based on a large data collection we undertook in the semiconductor equipment supply chain, we empirically investigate the relationship between the buyer's forecasting behavior and the supplier's delivery performance."
"This asymmetry in the results strongly supports the interpretation of joint ventures as options to expand."
"We provide additional managerial insights by isolating two behavioral drivers behind these results—task interdependence and saliency of feedback."
"We developed eight heuristic procedures based on this strategy and applied them to four sets of labor requirements, for each of 27 United Airlines (UA) airport ground stations."
"The firm makes demand forecasts and can put a recovery effort if a disruption occurs; both are unobservable to the insurer."
"The most significant results are that (1) the tightness of the capacity constraint is a good indicator of problem difficulty for problems with setup time; and (2) the algorithm solves larger problems better than smaller problems, although they are more time consuming to solve."
"We illustrate the generalizability of our approach by studying systems that operate under different priority rules, such as class priority."
"The equivalence of the problem to a linear assignment problem with certain additional constraints is demonstrated."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"failure"
"The results from controlled laboratory experiments, involving human subjects, indicate that expected cost equivalence fails when costs are regularly distributed because suppliers bid more aggressively in the sealed-bid auction."
"First, higher venturing returns increase managerial compensation, to which firms respond by increasing incentives."
"When there are hidden objectives, however, the impact of the policies cannot be fully evaluated."
"We unexpectedly find that in certain situations, lower piracy enforcement increases the monopolist's incentive to invest in quality."
"These results complement and extend existing findings on target firm accounting quality and provide new evidence that financial accounting quality relates positively to the efficient allocation of the economy’s capital resources."
"We examine the relationship between advertising by auto manufacturers in U.S. newspapers and news coverage of car safety recalls between 2000 and 2014."
"Performance is sensitive to average number of tasks per work station, number of between-task precedence requirements (measured by ‘order strength’), and the total number of tasks per problem."
"We also find that suppliers accept noncompetitive contracts sufficiently often (although not always) to make the hybrid mechanism outperform the reverse auction in the laboratory as well as in theory."
"Comparisons of the efficiencies of DSM and other efficient algorithms (in terms of their computational upper bounds) are also presented."
"We present an attempt to formalize Harary, Lipstein, and Styan's model and to develop appropriate solution techniques for estimation of its unknown parameters."
"Both systematic and non-systematic risk exposure of such projects are identified and the critical linkage to world oil markets is defined through a simple market of world oil pricing."
"Despite their idiosyncrasies, motor and cognitive learning and endurance sports training have in common that they involve repeated practice."
"By using a difference-in-difference estimator, we find that Walmart gains 41% in weekly revenue from the conversion."
"We consider a two-stage duopoly competition framework, in which both firms select quality levels in the first stage simultaneously and engage in a two-period price competition in the second stage."
"Management Sci.11 (4) B-69–B-87."
"The analysis further indicates that accumulating experience and generating knowledge through experimentation are significantly associated with project performance."
"Consistent with theoretical predictions, we find that newspapers provide less coverage of recalls issued by manufacturers that advertised more regularly on their pages over the previous two years."
"This paper presents a method of applying a mathematical model to the specific problem of predicting the approximate rate at which additional computer terminals should be acquired."
"Analysis indicates a rainfall variable has a significant influence on the pre-dam flow rate but not on the post-dam flow rate."
"Various aspects of implementation and generalizations are discussed."
"In contrast with the laboratory experiments of previous related studies, our research presents the unique advantage of investigating the effects of IT-enabled automated bidding agents on the occurrence of a decision bias in real market transactions."
"And it is worth remembering that many of the familiar management techniques of today were not traditional concepts 20 years ago."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"These connections are used as a basis for the argument that there is a meaningful concept of the fit between the components of the organization structure and those of its cultural setting."
"We also relate the implications of the model to the actual contract cases."
"Pre-exposure to product attribute levels undermined the impact of attribute priming, decision framing, and asymmetric dominance on preferential choices."
"The key idea of the policy is to enhance the certainty equivalent pricing policy with a taboo interval around the average of previously chosen prices."
"However the act of inspecting die device when it is not~impaired may itself cause it to become impaired."
"We assume that the bids are identically distributed random variables and at most n can be observed."
"This result is significant, because one year is a short window given the usual timelines—licensing is a lengthy process that requires extensive planning and careful execution."
"Meanwhile, normatively oriented decision analysts continue to insist on the applied usefulness of the subjective expected utility (SEU) model."
"Calendar Cycles, Infrequent Decisions, and the Cross Section of Stock Returns (p. 507)Ravi Jagannathan, Srikant Marakani, Hitoshi Takehara, Yong WangHave you checked your portfolio lately?"
"This paper proposes an approach that accounts for the heterogeneity in consumer valuation: we aggregate the demand of individual loss-averse consumers to obtain market demand and show that market demand may be more responsive to gains or losses, or it may be equally responsive."
"However, MEE weakens the product-quality differentiation and is benign to both high-quality and low-quality firms."
"Yet, the true environmental benefits of these internet-enabled C2C CLSCs remain to be ascertained."
"Considerable benefits would accrue to those involved with the theory and practice of finance, if and when these exchange options begin trading, due to the availability of instantaneous, up-to-the-minute, precise indicators of firms' systematic risk levels."
"We show that institutional prestige increases a university's licensing rate over and above the rate that is explained by the university's past licensing performance."
"Erratum to Peter A. Demetriou, “The Present Value of Investments in Sinking Funds,” Management Science, 13 5, pp."
"In Simple Structure, the key part is the strategic apex, which coordinates by direct supervision; the structure is minimally elaborated and highly centralized; it is associated with simple, dynamic environments and strong leaders, and tends to be found in smaller, younger organizations or those facing severe crises."
"All these insights disappear in the absence of congestion."
"We study a firm that makes new products in the first period and uses returned cores to offer remanufactured products, along with new products, in future periods."
"The data demonstrate that there is no stable mapping between attribute values and their subjective equivalents."
"We explicitly investigate the marketing-manufacturing trade-off and derive analytical implications for three possible design configurations: unique, premium-common, and basic-common."
"Our results also reveal that, when introducing probabilistic goods, the firm should order less inventory (relative to the case where probabilistic goods are not offered) if costs are very low but more inventory otherwise."
"Furthermore, from this analysis we develop a simple measure for the flexibility in a given product-plant configuration."
"This paper presents an empirical study of the impact of Walmart supercenter conversion on consumer shopping behavior."
"The goal of this study was to compare systematically the multiple measures of research output, both objectively and subjectively, in order to identify those which are effective for evaluation of research professors."
"But to realize a perceptual position we must model the link from physical characteristics to perceptual dimensions and we must use this model to maximize profit."
"A computational experiment using dynamic programming is performed in the second part and due-dates are developed for specific instantaneous load conditions in a simulated one-machine shop."
"Firms facing a seasonal demand pattern will often find that the horizon occurs within the first several periods after the peak period if there is a sufficient enough drop in demand afterwards."
"We take a first step in this direction, focusing on guilt aversion in the Trust Game."
"In a seller’s market, in which buyers counter above the asking price, sellers who wish to receive high counteroffers and sell for high prices should set round asking prices."
"Penalties imposed are proportional to the waiting time for a ship to arrive."
"We study competition between a multiproduct generalist firm and two single-product specialist firms in two product categories, one of which has undifferentiated products and the other has differentiated products."
"Insufficient capacity implies that calls cannot be answered, which in turn means there will be a revenue loss."
"I am delighted to have this opportunity to visit Toronto and join with you in this joint meeting of the Canadian Operational Research Society (CORS) and The Institute of Management Sciences (TIMS)."
"The insight for management: Leasing might sound green, but other alternatives might be more effective."
"This insight motivates us to propose a novel way of handling the discontinuities."
"We show that when a store opens locally, people substitute away from online purchasing, even controlling for product-specific preferences by location."
"However, financial performance worsened."
"A great deal of time and effort has been devoted to the development of quantitative methods for the solution of business management problems."
"In this report dynamic programming and linear programming techniques are applied to nonlinear and multiple-processor problems."
"Nonetheless, many retailers keep fulfillment capabilities in-house."
"The amount of work required to assemble units can vary from model to model, creating an uneven flow of work along the line."
"Note—On the merits of an “approximation” to the busy period of the GI/G/1 queue."
"Education in the field should be encouraged."
"In additional treatment conditions, we demonstrate the robustness of our findings and explore potential explanations."
"In addition, consumers often perceive the product’s future availability to be different than its actual availability."
"Bus waiting lines are critical because of limited bus storage areas.2. “"
"The tests are based on cutting-plane theory, and the application of the tests requires solution of the original integer problem with a cutting-plane algorithm."
"Original data have been collected from Israeli software start-ups during the dot-com economic growth."
"The problem of minimizing net interest cost (NIC) on new issues of tax-exempt debt securities is formulated as an integer linear programming problem."
"Unequivocal recommendations are more successful at inducing the status quo action."
"Results from an additional experiment add support to this explanation."
"Promising areas, many of them inviting cross-disciplinary research, appear in the development of measurement-based models for operational processes (both natural and designed and including organizational and managerial activities), choice theory (individual and group choice, values, judgment, and risk behavior), decision support, and the treatment of complexity."
"The effects of a market structure change on the security market line are analyzed when the equilibrium allocation is affected by the change."
"A stochastic, sequential model is developed to determine optimal advertising expenditures as a function of product maturity and past advertising."
"Management Sci.11 (4) B-69–B-87."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1967, 180 pp.,"
"Because service times are uncertain, the aims are to mitigate the unpleasantness experienced by the participants in the system when their waiting times or delays exceed acceptable thresholds and to address fairness in the balancing of service levels among participants."
"Utility functions are found which are consistent with various basic value attitudes involving risk equity."
"Finally, given the strategic importance and financial magnitude of the inventory investment decision, we analyze the effect of this decision on the economic success of Internet retailers during the period of study."
"Although both theories have been successful in explaining cheap-talk behaviors in separate contexts, they point to contrasting drivers for human behaviors."
"The model further suggests that both the innovator and clone earn their highest payoffs when the clone takes the lead in price-setting, i.e., when the clone establishes its own price by considering, for each price it might set, how the innovator will react to that price, and the innovator, as price-follower, responds to the price the clone chooses."
"Further, using data from three prominent laboratory experiments, we find that TAU is effective in explaining observed behaviors."
"When nonzero times to find parking are considered, the delivery person saves 30%–77% with higher values achieved for longer parking times, smaller capacities, and lower fixed time for loading packages."
"The average distance of search steps and the problem space coverage also play critical roles."
"In the second, the competitors each choose both budget levels and allocations."
"As an auxiliary result, we provide a bound on the duality gap of the Lagrangian dual problem."
"We characterize the collection of optimal sequencing of R&D activities that would maximize the expected net present value of the project, and we evaluate the possibility of incorporating various learning aspects into the model."
"We teach the treated startups to develop frameworks for predicting the performance of their idea and conduct rigorous tests of their hypotheses, very much as scientists do in their research."
"We modify this classic setting by introducing three types of consumers: myopic consumers, who always purchase at the initial full price; bargain-hunting consumers, who purchase only if the discounted price is sufficiently low; and strategic consumers, who strategically choose when to make their purchase."
"Their combined effect is that the mean and median probability forecasts are poorly calibrated with hit rates of their prediction intervals too high and too low, respectively."
"While this procedure competes successfully with others even as a stand-alone, a hybrid procedure that embeds GLS into a Shifting Bottleneck framework and takes advantage of the differences between the two neighborhood structures proves to be particularly efficient."
"In this paper, a method is proposed for evaluating combinations of investments when the cash flows are not known with certainty."
"Planning horizons are developed for the dynamic economic lot site model with backlogging when the marginal production cost is either constant or variable."
"is nonstationary, there exists a simple transform of the series, in this case the second difference, which is stationary."
"Knowledge acquisition is a bottleneck for expert system design."
"Furthermore, the impact of different kinds of product variety on performance varies, and is generally much less than the conventional manufacturing wisdom would predict."
"Finally, the workflow management techniques are applied to the case of consumer loan management and compared with other approaches based on static routing."
"This coincides with a common-sense technique sometimes used in business."
"When all the nodes have a unit weight and the bound is K, the heuristic finds a solution whose cost is at most 3 − 2/K times the minimum; in the general case the error bound is 4."
"Modern hierarchical organizations, like corporations, must motivate agents to work hard."
"1991."
"The aspects of individual differences studied are: (1) time taken on the task, (2) mathematical ability and (3) cognitive style."
"Queries can be classified based on user intent as transactional, informational, or navigational, and the former two benefit more from personalization."
"We also show that calibration committees facilitate the appropriate allocation of decision rights by deferring rating decisions to supervisors who possess a relatively greater information advantage."
"A feature launch on a major doctor appointment booking platform allows us to examine the effects of online WOM on three dimensions of a consumer’s choice process: the consideration set size, the time taken to consider alternatives (web session duration), and the geographic dispersion of the choices considered."
"Overall, our findings are consistent with theoretical predictions that, in a speculative market, shareholders incentivize managers with short-term-oriented compensation contracts to induce managers to pursue actions maintaining overvaluation."
"We also find that auctions with 25% of revenue donated to charity had higher net revenue than noncharity auctions."
"We study periodic-review inventory replenishment problems with fixed ordering costs, and show the optimality of (s, S) inventory replenishment policies."
"Inventory replenishment is instantaneous, i.e., the lead time is zero."
"Decision variables are diversion of flow at specific nodes and the storage of material in buffers which have to meet upper and lower capacity constraints."
"The authors find that in academic circles name-based signals can explain up to three-quarters of the difference in publication rates between high- and low-status authors."
"In this article, some nonparametric statistics were applied to test the difference between the distributions derived by the direct and indirect methods."
"Given the high cost relative to benefit for the promotional bookings themselves, this finding raises concerns regarding the prevalent practice of firms devoting significant funds for short-term promotions without rigorously examining their exact impact."
"The evaluation criteria include the ability to estimate accurately and to construct reliable confidence intervals for the mean of the response based on the truncated sequences."
"Estimates of the reductions in unsatisfied demand were obtained by means of a probability model that is similar to ones used to solve single-period, stochastic inventory planning problems."
"We conclude with some remarks about how a rescue consortium might be constructed."
"This model is applied to a particular example in a field study of the application of DFM to Polaroid cameras."
"Planning Production, Inventories, and Work Force."
"The parameters estimated are the mean number of shortages and of overages per time period, an overage being the amount of stock on hand at the end of the period, with negative amounts (or shortages) equated to zero."
"Surprisingly, the authors find that the manufacturer, retailer, and consumers alike all benefit from the use of rebates, despite the fact that the manufacturer uses the rebates in self-interest and as a strategic weapon."
"49(3):307–343] and the gambler’s/hot-hand fallacy model of Rabin [Rabin M (2002) Inference by believers in the law of small numbers."
"Railroad distribution networks are studied in particular, and emphasis is placed on the problem of determining optimal levels of service (improvements, degradations, abandonments) on each arc in the existing network."
"Our results indicate strong potential for the use of seasonal ARIMA modeling and the extension of Holt-Winters for predicting up to about two to three days ahead and that, for longer lead times, a simplistic historical average is difficult to beat."
"The use of multiple performance criteria which account for both the static and dynamic aspects of marketing systems is proposed as a necessary step toward scientific marketing analysis."
"We, however, find that returns increase significantly on days during the fiscal quarter when adverse-selection risk is high and liquidity low."
"The study highlights the necessity of leveraging the interdependencies between the design and manufacturing phases in NPD."
"While newer advanced technologies may offer improved performance, they also make the product development process more risky and challenging."
"We illustrate the usefulness of these results by revisiting reported DEA studies and by describing a recent case study on the efficiency comparison of university departments."
"Consequently, a two-phased procedure that involves the solution of two smaller NP-hard problems is proposed as a practical and effective alternative."
"Producers of super-premium ice cream, such as Häagen-Dazs, offer a smaller assortment of flavors than the producers of lesser quality ice cream."
"This paper was accepted by Lauren Cohen, finance."
"Next, we develop an algorithm that both clears the financial system in a computationally efficient fashion and provides information on the systemic risk faced by the individual system firms."
"In 1977–86, the death risk per flight on these carriers was roughly one in eleven million."
"A forecasting method, which has previously shown strong potential, is Holt–Winters exponential smoothing adapted for modeling the intraday and intraweek cycles in intraday data."
"In the experiments, the computerized buyer faces a newsvendor setting and has better information on end-consumer demand than the human supplier."
"'s."
"The design of control charts in statistical quality control addresses the optimal selection of the design parameters (such as the sampling frequency and the control limits) and includes sensitivity analysis with respect to system parameters (such as the various process parameters and the economic costs of sampling)."
"We then examine evidence for such behaviour from two choice experiments that vary the size and composition of the choice set."
"The insight for management: Traditional risk models' estimates of high spread levels were biased downward, which in turn biased the rating upward."
"This model is studied under a variety of assumptions and the impact of customer behavior on average benefit (value of service minus cost of waiting) is examined."
"Given the bid specifications stated by the issuing municipality and some prior decisions of the underwriters, it is shown that the determination of the optimal coupon schedule can be expressed as a linear programming problem."
"In most employment relationships, the employee's performance at the firm is privately, not publicly, observed."
"A new type of risk aversion found only in muitivariate utility functions is defined."
"On the answer to this question may hinge certain very important decisions that an organization may have to make."
"An assumption underlying DEA is that all the data assume the form of specific numerical values."
"Management Sci.41 23–30.],"
"The quadratic cost function which was used should be applicable to production and employment scheduling decisions in many other situations."
"The algorithm not only has demonstrated computational efficiency over the existing out-of-kilter procedure, but also it provides a direct solution routine for project time/cost tradeoff problems and other network cut based problem situations in which the restricting arcs of the network formulation must be located."
"A conjunctive model is used to describe their process, which sums “good” and “bad” cue counts separately."
"Our findings provide insights for buyers and policy makers interested in improving supply-chain EE.The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2941.This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"In this setting, we find that the firm optimally commits to a capital allocation scheme whereby it forgoes positive net present value (NPV) projects at Stage 1 (capital rationing), whereas at Stage 2, depending on the manager's previous report, it sometimes implements projects with a negative continuation NPV but in other situations forgoes implementing projects with positive continuation NPVs."
"However, agreeing that whatever fruit appears will go to the agent who likes it more gives a higher expected utility to each agent and is fair in the average sense: in expectation, each agent prefers the allocation to the equal division of the fruit; that is, the agent gets a fair share."
"This paper was accepted by Eric Anderson, marketing."
"Next, it is shown for a special class of probability distributions that the above conditions are satisfied."
"These failures primarily result from mistakes in recalling information."
"Two methods of finding the “product” in such cases are described."
"These forecasts are periodically updated until take-off occurs, although the number of updates may be limited by the cost of collecting, processing, and distributing information."
"The authors use an experimental setting to compare complete information with imperfect information policies."
"This maximizing solution provides the lower bound which is used for solving the distribution problem."
"All of this suggests that it might pay to systematically search across firm-external sources of innovation that were formerly out of scope for most managers."
"This paper considers a dynamic lot-size model with make-or-buy decisions."
"These improved results were inadvertently reported by Picone and Wilhelm (Picone, C. J., W. E. Wilhelm."
"In this technical note we examine a method of extending a problem over a finite set of actions, to a problem of maximising a function over a bi-product set."
"Dynamic bargaining with transaction costs."
"We consider two segments of customers, namely store-only customers who only make purchases offline and omni-customers who strategically choose between offline and online channels."
"We explain where the shape of the mapping comes from and, in describing the mechanism by which people choose, explain why the shape depends on the distribution of gains, losses, risks, and delays in the environment."
"We fully characterize the dynamic market equilibrium, which includes the timing of the firms’ repositionings depending on consumer preferences."
"the Economic Lot Scheduling Problem is to find a feasible schedule that allows cyclic production pattern for each product and such that the sum of the setup and inventory carrying costs for all products per unit time is minimized."
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"The players who act as competitors build and operate their individual plants with specified technology to produce a single homogeneous product."
"Some of the equivalences herein established are also useful in their own right and for other classes of problems—e.g., interval programming—as well as advanced start procedures and other such computational matters."
"Readings in market research."
"Based on evidence from previous studies, we argue that waste prevention often provides unexpected innovation offsets, and that onsite waste treatment often provides unexpected cost."
"With many large-scale projects, such as power plants, some members of the public will necessarily incur a risk."
"This paper describes a variant of the Simplex algorithm, applicable to matrices containing blocks of elements along and just below the diagonal."
"379 pp."
"A country's human capital and economic productivity increasingly depend on the Internet as a result of its expanding role in providing information and communications."
"Enforcing a product standard through competitor testing encourages entry by such low-quality, noncompliant firms and can reduce quality investment by incumbents."
"Several balances obtained by applying the FORTRAN program appended to the paper to actual and sample problems are also shown."
"On the other hand, such a clause reduces profits and, hence, is not the equilibrium strategy for retailers."
"All in all, supply-side enforcement turns out to be the “longer arm”—it has a more desirable economic impact in the long run."
"Interestingly, we show that it can be more profitable for the firm to allocate products to consumers before, rather than after, learning the true demand for a product because, although early allocation imposes higher inventory costs (as a result of larger required inventory levels), it also enables the firm to charge higher prices."
"Our analysis focuses on ambulance transports involving new paramedic recruits, where exogenous changes in team membership enable identification of the performance effect."
"The behavioral theory of the firm and prospect theory predict that performance below an aspiration level increases risk taking, but researchers also propose that performance below an aspiration level decreases risk taking."
"In order to study coalition forming behavior in such games and to test the descriptive power of four major solution concepts that yield differing prescriptions for market games, 11 pentads of students each played 6 different market games presented in characteristic function form through a computer-controlled experimental procedure."
"Firms with fewer than 1,000 employees have major opportunities with specialised strategies in mechanical engineering and instruments."
"Most importantly, such risk-taking behaviors seem to be affected by momentum."
"We found little support for the use of expectations-based reference points."
"is a worthwhile attempt at making the Bayesian decision theory concepts more operational; however, he has fallen far short of this objective."
"Generating Ambiguity in the Laboratory (p. 705)Jack Stecher, Timothy Shields, John DickhautHow does a decision maker's perception of probability and ambiguity affect their decisions?"
"Good feasible solutions and bounds are obtained with relatively little computational expense and effort through the use of linear approximation techniques."
"We shall limit ourselves to a comparison of two alternatives, namely selling through wholesalers and selling directly to retailers."
"A method is discussed here for handling this problem more effectively in one instance than has been possible."
"More recent literature has developed the concept of product architecture as another choice variable that may be one of the important contributors to product complexity."
"Two of the most common such arrangements are as follows: (i) guaranteed volume-weighted average price (VWAP) contracts, which reference the VWAP prevailing over an execution window, and (ii) market-on-close contracts, which reference the price prevailing at the window’s end."
"3) Are the unique ideas more valuable than those similar to many others?"
"In this paper we characterize sampling as having two effects."
"This argument is tested with data describing projects conducted by all major competitors in the semiconductor industry."
"We assume a comprehensive reference-dependent model that nests the main reference-dependent theories, including prospect theory, and that allows for isolating the reference point rule from other behavioral parameters."
"This paper shows how this characteristic may be used to reduce computer storage for a matrix type calculation, to reduce calculations] labour, and to provide results in a form which is particularly convenient if a subsequent assignment of commodity flow to shortest paths is needed."
"Thus we compile, for the first time, a rich data set of styles that can serve as an empirical platform for a rigorous study of the role played by product form in new product development."
"Our approach can be employed either when a network owner wishes to sell bandwidth for a specified period of time to a number of different users, or when users cooperate to build a network to be shared among themselves."
"Assumptions in the simulation model were based on experience with an electronics company and published literature."
"Transient patterns generally produce changes in the physical ratios which, however, are subsequently offset in value terms."
"A smaller group of firms that are not innovative but which follow a strategy of acquisition perform nearly as well financially."
"In this paper Kalman-Shaw linear feedback filtering is used to estimate previous forecast errors."
"Also, the optimal time to market and capacity increase with the coefficients of innovation and imitation in the adoption population."
"We find that firms recognizing an additional pension liability due to SFAS158 had lower leverage on the rating agency adjusted financial statements and received higher corporate credit ratings."
"failure"
"Focusing on a small range of earnings surprises around hypothesized bright lines, we find no evidence of asymmetric price reactions once investors’ ex ante expectation of bias in earnings surprises is controlled."
"The time series model is statistically equivalent to the multiplicative seasonal model, ARIMA (0, 1, 1)(0, 1, 1)s, of Box and Jenkins."
"We analyze it and characterize the nature of the optimal policy, which is not necessarily of a control-limit type."
"For the short range (next month's demand), the Exponential Smoothing gave slightly better over-all results."
"Reply to Harsanyi, J. C. 1982."
"The elasticity of a brand's total searches with respect to its TV advertising is 0.17, an effect that peaks in the morning."
"quote a statement on final-offer arbitration (FOA): “The theory which underlies final-offer arbitration is quite simple."
"In particular, this study is motivated by the divergent evolutions of the PC and the workstation markets in response to a new technology: reduced instruction set computing (RISC)."
"Implementation experiences validated the model as satisfactory with the exception of several minor problems."
"Several limitations of advance-purchase discounts are discussed."
"as it is felt that this would yield important insights beyond those obtained by outcome-oriented theories (Roth [Roth, A. E. 1979."
"202—reviewed by Merrill M. Flood;—Kast, Fremont E. and Rosenzweig, J. E., Science, technology, and management."
"However, when it is possible to buy information sequentially, the value of information is not a constant."
"The two heuristics are compared on problems that are based on realistic scenarios representing application in the Galveston Bay Area."
"We show that the lagged PSA is always more accurate than the SPHA and results in dramatically smaller errors when average service times are greater than a half an hour (based on a 24 hour period)."
"who showed that industries consisting of smaller numbers of firms allocate relatively greater amounts of resources to their basic research than industries consisting of larger numbers of firms."
"The researchers find a pronounced pattern at the release of this information, and these patterns are more pronounced for high beta stocks, for stocks that are more difficult to arbitrage, and during times when investors' sensitivity to firm-specific stale information is high."
"As an empirical application, we use the proposed method to estimate the two search models using data on a commodity product sold by a firm in a business-to-business market."
"Extensions of the dynamic programming method in the deterministic and stochastic assembly-line balancing problems."
"When only one seller type is more efficient than the buyer’s outside option, the buyer uses one form of information: either strategic or stochastic."
"Using panel data on price and organizational form from more than 6,700 branded U.S. hotels affiliated with 40 “dual-distribution” brands—those brands that simultaneously company manage and franchise individual outlets—I find that, consistent with the brand externality arguments, company-managed locations have higher prices within high-quality chains, whereas franchisees price higher in the lower tiers."
"Preference misrepresentation in the field is associated with weaker applicants."
"If it is possible to reduce the loss by employing a faster algorithm at a higher cost, the algorithm may be optimally designed and selected from a given family."
"The objective of this comparison is to determine whether there is in fact an advantage to using one of the available computer programs to solve the problem, instead of designing the layout by traditional visual-based methods."
"Conjoint analysis and quantal choice models provide the measurements to implement the theory."
"Many markets feature an economic structure in which value is cocreated by multiple producers and aggregated into a common bundle by a producer-consortium or independent firm."
"This paper investigates physiological responses to perceptions of unfair pay."
"Sufficient conditions for the validity of interchange between derivative and expectation, in the context of likelihood ratio gradient estimation, were given in L'Ecuyer (1990)."
"A subjective programming method provides alternate payload choices that optimize the scientific merit of the experiments within the engineering constraints of a lunar IMjdoad."
"I find that high-centrality chief executive officers (CEOs) and chief financial officers (CFOs) are generally more likely to engage in financial misreporting than low-centrality CEOs and CFOs."
"The intent of this paper is to provide an overview of available equilibrium results for “general Jackson systems,” that is, queueing network models of the sort introduced in the classical papers of Jackson [Jackson, J. R. 1957."
"A general model has been developed for a class of business games to represent the activities of individual firms in a hypothetical oligopolistic industry."
"The policy takes the form of a two-sided regulator in which new pairs will join the exchange system to wait for a direct exchange if and only if the process modeling the exchange system is within the regulator's two barriers."
"Specific results are given for a quadratic cost and revenue case, and an example illustrates the form of a solution."
"Recent studies have demonstrated the effectiveness of applying adaptive memory tabu search procedures to combinatorial optimization problems."
"264—reviewed by Henry G. Tulkens."
"The presence of a state lottery is found to have resulted in a substantial loss in attendance as well as in wagering at each of the racetracks."
"Thus, our results lend support for the impact of liquidity on price discovery."
"In a randomized controlled trial, a large retail chain’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO) sets new goals for the managers of the treated stores by asking them to “do what they can” to reduce the employee quit rate."
"This necessitates a system to generate a sequence of decisions which will create a sequence of acts modifying the forces within the firm-environment interaction so as to maximize the probability that the firm's basic objectives will be met."
"They develop ranking intervals, which indicate the best and worst efficiency rankings that a DMU can attain relative to other DMUs; dominance relations, which show what other DMUs a given DMU dominates in pairwise efficiency comparisons; and efficiency bounds, which show how much more efficient a given DMU can be relative to some other DMU or a subset of other DMUs."
"The method mechanism directly influences learning behaviors, while the psychological mechanism directly affects knowledge creation."
"Discussion about international generalizability has rarely addressed the full scope of management science research."
"While it is well known that an optimal integer solution to the set covering problem is a basic feasible solution to the corresponding linear program, we show that there exists an optimal basis which is involutory (i.e., B = B−1).This property and others are used to develop a new algorithm which uses strong cutting planes."
"We propose an unconventional model that deals with sequence-dependent setup costs in a multiple-machine environment."
"This paper was accepted by Yan Chen, decision analysis."
"Vendors who have no reputation ratings are less likely to be chosen, and those with higher ratings are more likely to win subsequent bids."
"The other approach can be applied to any cost function, but is more difficult to compute."
"When employers have discretion to reward and/or sanction independently of whether they inspect, we find that rewards are more effective than sanctions."
"Using prior expectations about price and response time, we show how shopbots can substantially increase consumer utility by searching more intelligently and then selectively presenting offers."
"We find strong evidence that waste prevention leads to financial gain, but we find no evidence that firms profit from reducing pollution by other means."
"There would be unified guidance of the field in an Interdepartmental Scientific Council."
"Moreover, the net stock sales by connected directors predict future negative news for up to three quarters."
"Designing scientific journals: issues and survey results."
"We describe a model examining how a firm might choose the package size and price for a product that deteriorates over time."
"Additionally, revenue sharing does not coordinate a supply chain with demand that depends on costly retail effort."
"We develop a model of customer choice in response to random variation in quality."
"An argument is given for individual firm beta instability based upon the stochastic character of the market weights defining the market portfolio and the constancy of its beta."
"One of the most active areas of inquiry into misinformation examines how the cognitive sophistication of people impacts their ability to fall for misleading content."
"The linking mechanism for these two subproblems is an inventory consistency relationship which is priced out by a set of Lagrange multipliers."
"In experiments where advisors try to sell their advice, they find that market competition exacerbates the tendency to express excessive confidence."
"Because disparities can result from a myriad of mechanisms, crafting effective disparity mitigation policies requires knowing which mechanisms are active and which are not."
"We show that the scheme has “optimal” properties for a large class of approximate utility functions."
"It is hoped a presentation and analysis of these difficulties will have some effect on the nature of future research activities."
"In this paper a periodic review stock system using the so-called (S, s) ordering policy is considered."
"Customer choice behavior, such as buy-up and buy-down, is an important phenomenon in a wide range of revenue management contexts."
"After completion of the acquisition, bank-dependent acquirers retain the M&A financing banks for a much larger share of their borrowing needs, suggesting the importance of repeat business for lack of hold-up."
"Scoring rules can provide incentives for truthful reporting of probabilities and evaluation measures for the probabilities after the events of interest are observed."
"To investigate the conditions under which learning-by-hiring (or the acquisition of knowledge through the hiring of experts from other firms) is more likely, we study the patenting activities of engineers who moved from United States (U.S.) firms to non-U.S. firms."
"The banking industry study proposed a new measure, the time-weighted rate of return, which is not dependent on the contribution and withdrawal pattern."
"Finally, from category-level analyses, we find evidence of increases in category-level spending in preexisting categories in the converted supercenter."
"Conditions for encouraging men to adapt system's resources to most efficient use follow from the organism analogy—a key notion for explaining the behavior of the four crews studied."
"Von Neumann and Morgenstern formulated the expected-utiiity approach in terms of a simultaneous utility-probability axiomatization, which makes utility unique up to a linear transformation."
"2 (February 1979), pp."
"An application to a financial planning model for an industrial firm augments the theoretical discussion."
"Customers with positive demand lead times place orders in advance of their needs."
"In addition, we find that the threat that another investor can appropriate a declined investment opportunity increases willingness to invest."
"Historically, however, their approaches to these problems have diverged."
"$7.00—reviewed by A. H. Schainblatt;—Cyert, Richard and Davidson, H. Justin."
"Then higher level languages were evolved so that instead of describing a solution in machine language, it was possible to describe it in a more “natural” language."
"This paper was accepted by Yan Chen, decision analysis."
"This paper was accepted by Shivaram Rajgopal, accounting."
"This paper was accepted by J. George Shanthikumar, big data analytics."
"It appears that the users of the information system who have to deal with EDP-specialists having sanctionary power over them (a case of power asymmetry) are less inclined to implement the system exactly as the user and the specialist had agreed upon, than users not so dependent upon the EDP-specialist (i.e., no power asymmetry)."
"And how should incentives for divisions be designed, so that they will be induced to act in accordance with the interest of the whole firm?"
"We propose a computationally tractable approximation method for minimizing the VaR of a portfolio based on robust optimization techniques."
"The assembly line balancing problem."
"$14.50;—Beveridge, Gordon S. and Schechter, Robert S., Optimization: Theory and Practice."
"But consumers vary in their preference and the way they perceive products."
"After advancing arguments for the importance of interactive belief systems to the successful coordination of behavior, we tune our investigation of trust by focusing on beliefs that are important to mobilization and coordination and show how trust functions to influence social capital arising from network structure."
"Under general assumptions, it is shown that minimizing the average total additional effort needed to stay on schedule will result in a cost-time scheduling problem of the CPM type."
"We find that the proposed strategy shares the spirit of the allocation rules for multiproduct nonplatform firms and single-product platform firms, yet it does not amount to a simple combination of the existing rules."
"We find that real-time feedback reduced resource consumption for the target behavior by 22%."
"Though our model is necessarily based to some extent on intelligent guess-work, it has the merit of providing at least a logically consistent solution of the problem."
"If σ2 > 0, then the aggregate discount rate is less than the mean individual discount rate, and use of the time-dependent aggregate discount rate ρ(t) = μ − σ2t/2 instead of the constant discount factor ρ(t) = μ would result in larger discounted present values for public-sector projects for which the benefits lie far in the future."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2659.This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"Taken in tandem with the many studies showing that pharmaceutical industry payments influence prescribing, this study suggests a strong role for mandatory public disclosure in reducing conflicts of interest in medicine and costly prescribing of brand name drugs."
"A firm's manager must decide whether to adopt an innovation of uncertain profitability or to obtain some information and then decide to adopt or reject the innovation."
"The elections were held by the Institute of Management Science, the Mathematical Association of America, several professional organizations in Britain, and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers."
"For instance, as the number of competing servers increases, the price increases, and the servers become slower."
"Management Sci.19 (16, August) 1305–1406.]."
"First, change in forward-looking risk premiums is negatively related to the S&P 500 holding period return, reflecting that an increase in discount rate reduces current stock prices."
"Our procedure, designed for use in New York City's computed-aided Management Information and Control System, makes good initial dispatch decisions at all alarm rates."
"The first paper focused on fairness in profiles and profile distributions when benefits and risks are not aggregated."
"The constraints which are then violated are added in a similar way to the constraints already imposed."
"Although help across projects is critical for time performance, it has not been explicitly incorporated into project management (PM) systems."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2362.This paper was accepted by James Smith, decision analysis."
"Proactive strategies and those with an external emphasis are more successful than internal and reactive strategies."
"We investigate the trade-off between the benefits and costs of parallel concept testing and derive closed-form solutions for the case of profits that follow extreme-value distributions."
"These decisions are viewed as both commensurate and competitive with other managerial operating decisions, e.g., capital budgeting and market expansion, that make demands upon the firm's resources."
"A decreasing probability discount rate accounts for the magnitude effect."
"In addition, it relates to the ongoing debate over how employees react to and respond to organizational change."
"Each problem is formulated as a single-period model allowing exogenous stochastic cash demands and:(1) deterministic returns on the earning assets,(2) stochastic returns on the earning assets."
"We develop and test a new methodology that assigns geographical units (such as ZIP codes) to market segments by simultaneously considering bases of segmentation, such as customer attitudes and needs, such that the resulting segments display a high level of spatial concentration."
"We further extend our model to the situation where the manufacturer has the option of not delivering the full quantity but instead takes the penalty for a delivery shortage."
"This paper considers the stock rationing problem of a single-item, make-to-stock production system with several demand classes and lost sales."
"We derive a consensus measure of overall quality, Q̂, and identify a score associated with meeting all standards exactly, Q̂*."
"While the Hungarian is a dual method, this method is primal and so gives a feasible assignment at each stage of the calculation."
"It is shown that in certain cases one can efficiently implement a greedy-optimal resource allocation procedure for increasing the expected net present value of the R&D project."
"The forecast also accorded with the level of over-subscription in the IPO auction."
"An example is provided and finally boundary conditions are elaborated."
"In a recent paper we showed that unaided industry allocation to basic (inappropriable) research is suboptimal and that in stimulating this allocation, provision of government seed money is generally counterproductive, while the provision of matching subsidies is not cost-efficient."
"The growing importance of DSS for both strategy evaluation and end user computing increases the need to provide research-based guidance for the design of user interface aids."
"This paper, which reports the results of an empirical investigation based on data obtained from a random sample of 100 U.S. manufacturing firms, provides new findings bearing on each of these questions."
"This paper considers an n-server queueing system with m customer classes distinguished by the reward associated with serving customers of that class."
"and Hillier) when applied to the 0-1 linear programming problem with nonnegative coefficients."
"SMEDAL was developed to help organize such studies and in particular to eliminate redundant computer runs."
"Finally, we show that failure-aware matching can increase overall system efficiency and simultaneously increase the expected number of transplants to highly sensitized patients, in both static and dynamic models."
"The subject's task is to allocate resources for projects with transformation results about which only uncertain expectations exist."
"Traditionally, integration has been studied at the country level."
"Because licensing success positively impacts future invention production, we argue that institutional prestige leads to stratification in the creation and distribution of university-generated knowledge."
"Empirically, we build a diffusion model which includes several possible cross-country contagion effects and then use Bayesian methods for estimation and model selection."
"11 (July 1970), pp."
"The main purpose of this paper is to propose such tools."
"Research on the creation of new high-technology companies has typically focused either on industry-level factors such as market structure and technology regime or on individual-level factors such as the work experience of entrepreneurs."
"We also include a systematic review and meta-analysis of previous literature on the external validity of social preference games."
"First, the firm can offer promotional incentives to recruit consumers as influencers."
"The constraint set may be unbounded."
"The effects of crossmatching on outdates are widely acknowledged, but have seldom been included in blood inventory control models."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"The method contains ideas based on variable reduction with anti-zig-zagging and acceleration devices based on the Variable Metric Method."
"Finally, we examine the efficiency of these procedures and show that as the degree of common values increases, fewer mutually beneficial agreements are attained."
"No assumptions are made regarding the convexity of either the objective or the constraints."
"In particular, consideration is given to the relative effectiveness with which the system communicates with its environment, the necessary compromises in the definition of the rules by which the system will function, and certain difficulties in the concept of executive control systems which are in some sense adaptive."
"It is felt that this is a serious problem, a problem which is becoming increasingly critical for the development of a unified science of management."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, healthcare management."
"The reduction procedure is then applied to their model to yield several extensions."
"Our findings suggest simple refinements to traditional bins-comparison and regression tests for asymmetric price reactions to bright-line earnings surprises, which account for necessary conditions implied by a rational expectations equilibrium."
"Inferring such transitions, which are generally unobserved to the firm, can offer the firms opportunities to be more relevant to their customers."
"The direct method proceeds in a series of simple steps to the determination of zero terms having associated xij values which eventually satisfy the row and column equations."
"In this paper, we consider open queueing networks with multiple product classes, deterministic routings and general arrival and service distributions."
"Our results show that as this sample size increases, the procedure gives results which agree more closely with predicted results."
"We show that the scale predicts a real decision to obtain (or avoid) information in each of the domains as well as decisions from out-of-sample, unrelated domains."
"Although linear-linear and exponential-linear models are demonstrated to share some important general characteristics, a preliminary analysis indicated that use of linear-linear policies resulted in substantial sacrifices in productive output when relatively high rates of exponential decay were present."
"Lead time is assumed to be known and constant."
"To illustrate our methods, we derive WTP for an average financially independent American man under plausible assumptions."
"A technique is discussed for framing a reliability model in terms of variables data rather than attribute data."
"The history of the development of accounting and auxiliary calculations illustrates the consequences of permitting a measuring and communicating system to become institutionalized."
"Since the war, there has been a great growth in interest in the theory of organization."
"To increase revenue or improve customer service, companies are increasingly personalizing their product or service offerings based on their customers' history of interactions."
"on an axiomatic approach to expert resolution."
"One consequence of the result is that it may sometimes reduce a principal's total incentive costs to engage with more information producers performing parallel investigations, because the possibility to make relative performance evaluations of the agents may substantially reduce the costs of motivating the agents in performing their duties as desired."
"Our analysis suggests that customized bundling enhances sellers' profits and enhances welfare when consumers do not place positive values on all goods, and that this consumer characteristic is much more important than the shape of the valuation distribution in determining the optimal pricing scheme."
"The decision maker must post a menu offering a finite number of waiting time-price pairs."
"We also consider the problem of estimating the distribution of the first state in, 𝒜 to be reached, and then extend our results to continuous time."
"Service systems are often stochastic and preplanned by appointments, yet implementations of their appointment systems are prevalently deterministic."
"Such requirements reduce the level of participation in screening programs and also delay the identification of subjects who are truly hypertensive, thereby depriving them of the benefits of early detection and immediate follow-up treatment."
"Finally the problem of linear fractional programming is briefly discussed as an example."
"Finally some computational aspects of this algorithm are discussed, and an easily computable starting value is given."
"Two methods of solution are presented."
"The main question that we investigate is the following: How large of a revenue loss is incurred if the seller uses a simple parametric model that differs significantly (i.e., is misspecified) relative to the underlying demand curve?"
"The results suggest that the online disclosure of certain personal traits can influence the hiring decisions of some U.S. employers, but the likelihood of hiring discrimination via online searches varies across employers."
"An illustrative example is given, and a detailed application of the algorithm to the thirty largest metropolitan centers in the United States is presented for various numbers of destination (10, 20 and 30) and sources (2, 4 and 6)."
"An important issue in the management of supply chains and manufacturing systems is to control inventory costs at different locations throughout the system while satisfying an end-customer service-level requirement."
"We found that information sources are relatively more likely to be written for basic research projects, and to be oral for applied research projects, confirming earlier studies."
"This paper was accepted by Sridhar Tayur, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"The study indicates that, for a fully loaded shop, giving priority to be the job with the shortest actual setup time, regardless of its run time, gives the best overall performance result."
"This influence of analyst recommendation changes on fund herding is stronger for downgrades, and among managers with greater career concerns."
"Finally, we show that an incentive-compatible contract on cost sharing can be designed to achieve coordination in case of information asymmetry."
"Finally, the more important assumptions are removed and suggestions are given with respect to the modifications that are required in order to extend the method to more complex problems."
"On one hand, forgetfulness can diminish the ability to punish deviators, making cooperation more difficult."
"Our analyses suggest the compensation effects of forced turnover risk appear to be mainly attributable to financial distress risk."
"Application of heuristic solution procedures to the practical problem of project scheduling has previously been studied by numerous researchers."
"We identify normatively irrational decision scenarios and analyze consumer behavior in these situations."
"For this case, we derive a closed-form expression for the optimal lead time quote."
"In this paper, we explore ways to reduce such discrimination using online reputation systems."
"Such a methodology can then be further refined via stochastic extension."
"Buyer reputation and lead time also play a role."
"The first part is concerned with problems of a methodological nature, mainly dealing with the relationship between normative models and operations research."
"We show that under very general conditions, Problem I leads to unethical practice (i.e., quote lead times for which there is no hope to achieve when the system is highly congested) while Problem II results in policies that quote lead times that are monotonically increasing with the congestion level."
"1975."
"In this paper these questions are explored and it is suggested that concepts such as calibration and refinement cannot usefully be defined independently of the decision maker."
"This paper attempts to demonstrate that firms are selected for survival on the basis of contracting efficiency."
"On average, however, the methods predicted about equally well, except for unit weighting which was clearly inferior."
"Nonetheless, in contrast to the extant literature, we find that the investor will “give up” and sell at a loss when the asset has a sufficiently low Sharpe ratio."
"Through this framework, it is possible (i) to identify the few design decisions that explain the success of these diverse firms with otherwise seemingly disparate models, and (ii) to speculate on potential future business-model innovations."
"The usefulness of integer programming as a tool of capital budgeting hinges on the development of an efficient solution technique."
"An attempt is made to overcome the uncertainties in derivation of value functions, in a manner which is similar to the economist's “Pareto optimality” approach."
"Finally, we confirm the profitability of ex ante registration requirements in the presence of price competition."
"Progress In Operations Research, Vol."
"Leningrad University, 1939, with a Foreword by A. R. Marchenko (Russian)."
"We also theorize and test how heterogeneity in evaluators’ prior (context-specific) judging experience moderates position effects."
"This paper investigates the relation between the conditional expected equity risk premium and the slope of the term structure of interest rates."
"To what extent do firms engage in product line actions simultaneously with actions in other marketing variables?"
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"The slope coefficient is the largest for the group where insiders are net purchasers and the sign of unexpected earnings is positive."
"The questions asked in Professor Churchman's letter of November 17, 1969, sound simple enough, but it would take a book to answer them fully."
"The utility product maximization section includes several numerical examples to illustrate relationships between the findings of this paper and familiar work in game theory by Nash, and by Luce and Raiffa, where this approach has been suggested as a possible method for “arbitration.”"
"In 1988, Byrnes, Färe, Grosskopf and Lovell define a decomposition of inefficiency differentials into scale and congestion components."
"We find a significant postintervention attendance increase, which we interpret as habit formation, and which subjects appear not to predict ex ante."
"Thus, in some time periods, and for some users, we observe a direct measure of the true job-seeking status."
"We investigate behavioral reactions toward exogenous changes of implicit norm-relevant information in a natural field setting where customers are free to choose if and how much to pay for a service."
"We find that this positive return-factor relation exists for all three types of stock distributions and in both the pre- and post-decimalization periods."
"Our result is robust to using national sport events as sentiment shocks, selection bias, and participation constraints."
"We characterize equilibrium prices and profits and analyze the long-run capacity decisions of the firm."
"We describe the development and successful application of a planning model and an associated computational approach for this class of problems."
"Specifically, the data we collect, leveraged by our methods, account for an 88% improvement as measured by our coefficient of prescriptiveness."
"Optimum solutions are determined for a number of cases and the general form of the solution is discussed."
"Both benefited from autonomy generated by existing customers."
"It is felt that the model presented in this study would be useful to management scientists, agricultural planners, especially those in developing countries, and to various United Nations organizations such as the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development."
"Finally, we partner with Wayfair — a multibillion-dollar home goods online retailer — to estimate the impact of our algorithms in practice via simulations using actual clickstream data, and we find that our algorithms yield a significant increase (5–30%) in the number of customers that engage with the site."
"Competition leads to highly concentrated information-good markets, with the leading firm behaving almost like a monopoly even with free entry and without network effects."
"In the second stage, given the information structure created in the first stage, the manufacturers offer contracts to their retailers and the retailers engage in Cournot competition."
"Presented is a new application in urban economic forecasting."
"Finally, through counterfactuals we show that carefully designing a rebate program that takes into account consumers’ psychological redemption utility can further benefit both consumers and firms."
"The constant base allocation allows the offshore facility to focus on cost efficiency, whereas the nearshore facility's quick response capability is utilized only dynamically to guarantee high service."
"The author's current decision-making environment is summarized."
"Second, reducing the variability of demand by pooling capacity in hospital clusters can greatly increase safety in a hospital system, because it reduces the likelihood that a patient will experience occupancy levels beyond the tipping point."
"Finally, at the firm level, we estimate that 29.2% of firms manipulated grants to top executives at some point between 1996 and 2005."
"These searches translate into larger trading volume on the advertiser’s stock, driven primarily by retail investors."
"Our goal is to study the impact of such dependence on key performance measures, such as expected waiting times and average queue length, as well as on optimal capacity decisions."
"As the Asian banking crisis of the late 1990s and the more recent banking crisis of 2007–2008 have shown, the banking system generally can be very vulnerable to deterioration of assets, loss of liquidity, and loss of confidence."
"$6.95;—Levin, Richard I., and DesJardins, Robert B., Theories of Games and Strategies."
"Turning to the role of new information on goals, we find that prior period performance has incremental power to explain goal levels in the postplan period."
"The second is a set of problems based on a real printed circuit board manufacturing situation."
"Equilibrium is unique whenever advertising is necessary."
"The insight for management: Evaluate both what analysts say and what they may feel; investor sentiment may affect the earnings expectations of hard-to-value firms."
"Distance boundaries for modes and expressions for the proportion of trips by abstract modes are presented and discussed briefly."
"69–12, 119; Haessiler, R. W. 1971."
"Global methods have been proposed by others that sample from the joint probability distribution of all the variables in the influence diagram."
"Inventories are kept at the retailers but not at the depot."
"Platforms that charge by user should adopt a “reinforcing” rule for both within- and cross-category allocations by allocating more resources toward the stronger growth driver."
"In practice, the economic lot quantity problem and the scheduling problem often are treated separately in production planning."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"Precise, compared with round, asking prices lead to counteroffers and final agreements that are closer to the asking price."
"We compare a baseline treatment in which supervisors are not restricted in their rating behavior to a forced distribution system in which they have to assign differentiated grades."
"We also discuss the limitations of our method by identifying cases where our pricing rule does not perform well."
"Managerially, our results underline that in the presence of financial constraints, firms should manage technology adoption together with plant location, which shapes capacity intensity, or product portfolio, which shapes financial flexibility."
"Management Sci.52(12) 1930–1944)."
"The second is the “Mark Effect,” under which a tournament's designer instead pushes slack resources to marginal actors and thus tightens the distribution of rewards."
"This paper introduces a new approach to capturing and using value judgments in DEA, based on unobserved Decision Making Units."
"Geographic dispersion of employees is complementary with Internet adoption, suggesting that Internet technology lowered internal coordination costs."
"However, with an aesthetic design goal, exposure to a prototype with more features leads to less novel ideas because of a narrower exploration."
"Based on a data set of more than 3,000 U.S. cable TV systems, the author presents evidence consistent with the idea that cable firms actively try to deter entrance by municipal electricity utilities that may be considering offering cable services."
"The results, which apply only to situations where one of a number of alternatives is to be chosen on the basis of a single ballot, may be useful in designing balloting and scoring procedures for these types of situations."
"First, it introduces a very detailed, structured decision process for product concept development, enhancing the literature on Quality Function Deployment (QFD)."
"The underlying assumptions of the two frameworks are discussed and the Stochastic Dominance technique is demonstrated via the examination of market reaction to quarterly earnings announcements during the 24 quarters commencing with October 1962."
"The problem of introducing a consumer product into the market is considered as one of “testing” the product in some restricted group of marketing areas and utilizing the information thereby gained in drawing inference to potential new market areas."
"Therefore, the model can be used to guide investments in manufacturing process improvement and R&D (e.g., genetic modifications)."
"2001), and Gallmeyer et al. ("
"December) 303–361; Boulding, K. 1956."
"We also find that customized bundling outperforms both pure bundling and individual sale in the presence of incomplete information, and that customized bundling still outperforms other simpler pricing schemes even when exact consumer valuations are not known ex ante."
"Data primacy is addressed through a two-stage approach to imputing the cost vector, whereas data alignment is addressed by a hybrid objective function that aims to minimize and maximize suboptimality error for different subsets of input data."
"This paper was accepted by Gui Liberali, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"The purpose of this paper is to present an integrated model of accounts receivable."
"Firms disclose information periodically, and in between disclosure dates, traders can obtain private information, and adverse-selection risk increases."
"This methodology further provides the average and marginal unit production costs along with necessary and sufficient feasibility conditions for the FMS throughput targets."
"The insight for management: Forced distribution evaluation improves effort but may also increase destructive competition between employees."
"In this paper, we develop an optimization-based approach to the economic design of access networks."
"Berkeley.]"
"This class is that for which the probability of an item being defective is independent of previous defects in the lot, and includes the binomial distribution."
"The underlying order acceptance decisions involve trade-offs between committing resources (production capacity and component inventory) to low-reward firm orders and reserving resources for high-reward orders."
"Examples of estimating risk and brand preferences are pursued."
"Third, subsequent firm financial performance relates positively with the predicted values of both managers’ capex adjustments and capex guidance revisions."
"For this purpose, a computational model of competing multiunit firms is developed in which unit managers and corporate staff continually search for better practices, while consumers search among units to find a better match."
"Although many of the tests employed cannot be brought to a completely satisfactory resolution at the present moment, the evaluation methodology can be regarded as a start toward a needed approach to assist systems analysts and local officials concerned with municipal information systems in constructing more reliable and accurate social indicators."
"Further analyses show that the association between social connections and forecast accuracy is stronger when the teams are just beginning to work together, when their firms face more uncertainty or adversity, and when the CEOs are less powerful."
"Our procedure begins by aiding the Decision Maker in searching for the most preferred combination of inputs and outputs of Decision Making Units (for short, Most Preferred Solution) which are efficient in DEA."
"The model thus offers an existence proof that a collective illusion can occur even in settings where people do not infer that popular alternatives are better."
"failure"
"Strategy-proof mechanisms give agents incentives to truthfully report their private information."
"Firms in the supply chain are grouped into homogenous sectors (nodes) that contain identical firms with identical production capabilities that all produce exactly one undifferentiated product (that may itself be a “kit” of components)."
"In a market with a small number of networks, the timing of the commercial breaks is a very important factor in determining the number of viewers facing a channel."
"The second one is a direct geometric decomposition method which is similar to that discussed by Gal and Nedoma [Gal, T., J. Nedoma."
"Consequently, a partial adoption by the supplier base may be optimal for the buyer when the suppliers’ adoption costs are sufficiently high."
"This effect was stronger for women."
"The average order-based backorders are the average number of customer orders that are not yet completely filled."
"No new solutions to this problem are presented in this note."
"The experiments confirmed that this misconception was common across a range of tasks that involved reasoning from summary data (Experiment 1), from specific instances (Experiment 2), and conceptually (Experiment 3)."
"Based on a duration analysis, we are able to show that suppliers penalize buyers for unreliable forecasts by providing lower service levels."
"With an iso-price-elastic demand model, we show that the channel profit loss cannot exceed 26.4%, and that the retailer's profit share cannot be below 50%."
"Or, inventory might encourage a consumer to continue her search (e.g., on the theory that she can return if nothing better is found), thereby decreasing sales (a scarcity effect)."
"We use the initial public offering (IPO) setting to provide evidence that the combination of valuation uncertainty and short-sales constraints generates significant equity market mispricing."
"We describe here a normative model for structuring pipelines for such situations."
"An alternate inspection protocol that emphasizes screening—a rapid primary scan of all containers, followed by a more careful secondary scan of only a few containers that fail the primary test—holds promise as a feasible solution for meeting the 100% scanning requirement."
"This paper addresses the problem of planning and controlling (through resource allocation decisions) projects under conditions of uncertainty."
"Information technology (IT) implementation is a major organizational change event that substantially disrupts an employee’s work environment."
"In this work, one upper and three lower bounds are given in terms of the solutions of related problems."
"The time seems ripe for attempting a careful statement of a frame of reference which may serve to make available research more meaningful, and which may guide future research and practice."
"We then link founders’ propensity to be overconfident to their decisions to allocate, use, and attain resources."
"Practitioners needing estimates of a firm's equity cost of capital have long relied on the Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM)."
"$12.50;—Robichek, Alexander A. (ed.),"
"This study was motivated by the inventory problem faced by a UK car part retailer that groups its depots into pairs."
"Such forecasting ability of informed bond trading is especially useful for private firms because the bond market constitutes the only venue for informed traders to exploit their information advantages."
"IEEE Press, Piscataway, NJ, 319–326) and Ribeiro and Webber (Ribeiro, C., N. Webber."
"The approach is cost effective, is technically applicable to the vast majority of households, and generated savings of 1.2 kWh per day and household, which exceeds the average energy use for lighting."
"In a recent paper in Management Science, Robert McNaughton has discussed certain problems encountered in scheduling tasks on one or more processors when penalties are imposed if the tasks are finished after their respective deadlines."
"We argue that including terms reflecting the second moment of delay in a contract would be beneficial to contract customers and, in a sense, fairer."
"However, this misconception decreased as observed or assumed bracketing rate increased (all three studies) and when bracketing was made more transparent (Experiment 2)."
"This paper assesses the importance of design in determining product costs by measuring the variation in design performance among a set of competing design efforts."
"The paper considers the deterministic dynamic programming model with discount factor greater than one."
"This processing is usually organized as a set of interdependent tasks within an administrative office."
"Notably, the steady state distributions derived by the model tend to underestimate actually paid dollar amounts."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, operations management."
"We document a positive relation between abnormal trading volume, future investment expenditures, and financing cash flows."
"Two machine configurations in the processing facility—single machine and parallel machine—are considered."
"This paper was accepted by Baris Ata, stochastic models and simulation."
"This result is attributed to the “wisdom of crowds.”"
"The transportation problem with stochastic demand is considered when penalties are paid for each oversupplied and undersupplied unit of product."
"that would have otherwise ended up in the waste stream."
"Employees’ experiential engagements (i.e., user participation and training effectiveness) and psychological engagements (i.e., user involvement and management support) during the implementation jointly determined their appraisal of an IT."
"J. Accounting Econom."
"The facility layout problem is important in the modern manufacturing environment because increased machine flexibility and product diversification create additional complexities in scheduling and material handling."
"The insight for management: The tendency in a highly competitive information market is for service providers to overstate capabilities to create differentiation and make the sale."
"In order to achieve accurate estimation results, the Public Utilities Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 specifies requirements that are unique to this estimation problem."
"Namely, it consists of identifying an ordered family of “efficient“ subsets S1, …, Sm, and at each point in time opening one of these sets Sk, where the optimal index k is increasing in the remaining capacity x and decreasing in the remaining time."
"A dark pool that is operated by the limit order book is welfare improving, and welfare reduces with an independently operated pool."
"In particular, we extend the power and pseudospherical families of scoring rules to allow for sensitivity to distance, with or without a specified baseline distribution."
"The paper demonstrates that the clone-leader/innovator-follower situation represents the unique Nash equilibrium in price-setting strategies."
"First, we find a robust, monotonic, positive relationship between store brand loyalty and store loyalty by using multiple loyalty metrics and data from multiple retailers and by controlling for alternative factors that can influence store loyalty."
"Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2620.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"1995."
"This paper analyzes a game theoretic model of duopoly competition and shows that an important feature of IT sheds new light on firms’ investment decisions: IT implementation can fail."
"Uncertainty about one's own calibration does not prevent rational behavior in the decision theoretic sense, but it may make much more difficult the process of translating decision theoretic principles into practical procedures for analysis of real decision problems."
"The assignment problem, a well-known variant of which is the problem of optimal staff distribution, has formerly been treated as a problem of linear optimization starting with numerical evaluations of the assignments."
"Results in a pharmaceutical sales setting indicate that IT use can improve customer service and salespersons' adaptability, leading to improved sales performance."
"This effect is mediated by feelings of accomplishment and moderated by the outcome of the process as well as the individual's perceived contribution to the self-design process."
"Proofs of theorems are based on results contained in earlier papers by the authors, on n-penod E-models of chance-constrained programming."
"And these managerial differences may be the single most important competitive difference."
"Further analysis of entry and entry threats by other airlines is inconclusive, providing evidence that is partially consistent with both hypotheses."
"Convergence in size among firms makes the cost of managing the myopia problem grow faster than the cost of managing the effort problem."
"A modification of Hartman, J. K., L. S. Lasdon."
"Taken together, our findings suggest that the availability of this information improves merger and acquisitions efficiency."
"Outstanding features of the research design and those results which are most likely to be of general scientific interest are presented in this article."
"Our results highlight the interaction between the performance metrics used for contracting within the supply chain, the architecture of the product produced by the supply chain, and the incentive efficiency of the chain."
"Finally, because of congestion effects, the agent should sometimes diagnose the customer as being of a given type, even if test results indicate otherwise."
"For the Shapley-Shubik index the power ratio for the largest shareholder is accurately described in terms of the size of holding and the concentration of the remainder."
"If the probability distribution for sales for the entire season were known, the decision problem would reduce to determining the optimal lot size, as in the classical newsboy problem."
"The model systematically tracks relevant attributes of the information product such as timeliness, accuracy and cost."
"Several potential explanations for such empirical findings are examined, and we document support for the explanation based on reference-dependent preferences."
"MOST, and LOB."
"We demonstrate that there are significant theoretical and empirical consequences for this group and our understanding of self-employment entry and labor market dynamics."
"Moreover, “optimal” profiles in conjoint and aggregate price response curves in the scanner applications can differ markedly under the standard and the spline-based models."
"We study farmers' decision-making vis-à-vis price risk and obtain assessments of risk attitude and strength of preference in two consecutive years in a sample of 253 respondents."
"We used confidential and restricted-access data from the Kauffman Firm Survey and matched administrative data on credit scores to explore racial disparities in access to capital for new business ventures."
"However, the introduction of random shocks reduces wages and effort, regardless of whether the shocks can be observed by the principal."
"A new heuristic that develops a stationary nested joint replenishment policy for the problem is presented in this paper."
"We show that timing, through renegotiation or delayed contracting, as well as the careful allocation of control rights and options can have a significant influence on the value of collaborative R&D. We provide recommendations on the optimal contract structure and timing based on two project characteristics, novelty of the R&D process and market-potential variability."
"This article develops the perspective that joint ventures are created as real options to expand in response to future technological and market developments."
"They study this question in the context of the software industry, an environment where evidence of the efficacy of IPR as a mechanism to appropriate the returns from innovation has been mixed."
"We study whether information about imminent future dividends can abate bubbles in experimental asset markets."
"First, we show that the structure of the problem has several attractive features that can be exploited to determine the optimal portfolio policy using the exact tax basis via nonlinear programming."
"Management Sci.4 (3) 205–220.]"
"Second, for a given business configuration, high performance interdependencies are influenced by the type of performance objectives selected by the business, such as market share or profitability."
"We exploit the presence of a standard warranty period and employ a matching approach to isolate the incentive effects of MSPs from the confounding effects of endogenous contract selection."
"These results are pertinent to other real-world allocation problems that share many of the characteristics of bidding problems, such as R&D funds allocation."
"When price elasticity is low, or when the retailer's cost share approaches 100%, or both, the retailer can extract nearly all the channel profit that is almost equal to the centralized channel profit."
"The model is developed under very general assumptions, and is able to solve the networks in terms of optimally applying transit billing, determining production schedules and combinations, and final distribution of product to customer while allowing for outside purchases of the same end products."
"During development of an innovative product there is often considerable uncertainty about component production cost, and it is of interest for both the manufacturer and the supplier to engage in a collaborative effort to reduce this uncertainty and lower the expected cost."
"The model can be extended hierarchically to incorporate resource allocation at the federal level."
"As observed by simulation experiments, it turns out that for these robust versions the variability compared to their classical counterparts is considerably reduced with a negligible decrease in average revenue."
"Based on our previous work on the standard measure of risk, this paper presents two classes of measures for perceived risk by decomposing a lottery into its mean and standard risk."
"The authors find that this holds true for general training that an employee can utilize outside the focal firm but that specific training pertinent to the focal firm is not positively linked to performance."
"We support our analysis with the empirical evidence gathered from Hong Kong where WNP was adopted in March 1999."
"As it turns out, firms that establish reputations for hiring young workers and promoting those who succeed lose good workers to competitors but can pay less to young, inexperienced workers in exchange."
"Results show that high conflict is associated with high quality for the executives of not-for-profit organizations but with low quality for executives of for-profit organizations."
"First, the study indicated that the Watts-Griffin parsimonious model outperformed other firm specific Box-Jenkins models."
"When the retailer makes the stocking-level decisions, the competition is mitigated by the pooling of demands at the retailer."
"This analysis reveals that citations are robustly correlated with performance, which confirms that citations are a useful quality-adjusted measure for innovation."
"The impact of style, setting (hospital or firm), and the control factors (environment, information source, and risk) were related to a decision to adopt and assessments of risk by ANOVA techniques."
"They are not refereed for technical correctness, as are articles and Notes that appear in Management Science."
"A multi-item production planning program is presented for finished tires and this is expanded to an assembly model with precedences for green tires and for components."
"In the Foreword to the First Issue of Series B (February, 1965) the viewpoint was reiterated that this journal should “appeal to managers concerned with ‘the role that science can play in management.'”"
"pur."
"We develop an analytical framework to examine the strategic and economic impact of product sharing among consumers."
"We further evaluate numerically the performance of these policies relative to a fully coordinated model, which is generally intractable."
"Such information asymmetry causes the manufacturer to incur a hidden information cost."
"This paper provides the theoretical background and a methodological framework for adaptive selection of optimal stimuli for discriminating among models of risky choice."
"Moreover, we find that the productivity benefits of locating near other IT-intensive firms can primarily be explained by the mobility of technical workers within the region."
"Management Sci.3 (4) 431–434."
"This is extremely important as these attitudes are the result of the administrators' familiarity with the WIC program in their states, and the significance of input of this nature should not be neglected."
"The treatment decreases the quit rate by a fifth to a quarter, lasting nine months before petering out, but reappearing after a reminder."
"Former studies have hinted that the first order duration may be the most important."
"The authors show how the two fundamental limitations can be overcome in some cases."
"The rows and columns of an arbitrary coefficient matrix of large numerical problems can often be permuted so that substantial time can be saved in computations."
"They show that customers who have discarded a particular service may have an increased risk of canceling all services in the near future but paradoxically also may be more prone to acquire more services in the future."
"Psych.15 (3) 234–281.)"
"The model is evaluated using a data archive that captures changes over 20 years to a firm’s environment, its managers’ development choices, and its software products."
"suggested that the p-median problem might be useful for cluster analysis problems (where the goal is to group objects described by a vector of characteristics in such a way that objects in the same group are somehow more alike than objects in different groups)."
"The problems with these papers generalize to our full sample and to other papers exploiting the same shocks as Duchin et al."
"failure"
"Some of our thoughts on this subject were stimulated by a TIMS sponsored methodology symposium on implementation held at Monterey California, during December of 1964 and, which was subsequently followed by our participation in a round table conference organized by Harvey Wagner for the 1965 National Meetings of TIMS in San Francisco on February 3, 1965."
"However, when insufficient resources exist to allow die construction of enough facilities to serve all demand centers within the alloted time, the location problem is frequently restated in order to locate the budgeted facilities to serve the serviced population."
"However, affirmative action has been often criticized for causing reverse discrimination and lowering the qualifications of those hired under the policy."
"This paper was accepted by Stefan Reichelstein, accounting."
"The general support for the principal proposition of this paper that “actual usage” may be a key variable in explaining the impact of technology on performance suggests that omission of this variable may be a missing link in IT payoff analyses."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"It is shown that if the weights are suitably modified to reflect the location information present in the sample, then the convergence rate of the Monte Carlo estimator can be dramatically improved from order n−1/2 to order n−2, where n is the number of function evaluations computed."
"At present, the term planning has many meanings and little substance."
"This paper brings structural modeling to the literature on financial research in marketing."
"Next, an examination is made of the ways in which these structures have been integrated in terms of understanding the relationship of users' affective responses to other responses (i.e., behavior or cognition)."
"They also show how the DMUs' efficiency ratios relate to each other for all feasible weights, rather than the weights that imply the maximal efficiency of a DMU."
"Certain continuous production processes and early warning systems must be inspected in order to detect failures that would otherwise not be apparent."
"The estimated truncation point is selected when the MMAE mean estimate is within a small tolerance of the assumed steady-state mean."
"New York: Walker and Co., 1968, 200 pp.,"
"However, a larger number of deals intensifies the competition, which then lowers per deal sales and limits the number of deal offerings."
"The two models are then compared to each other, and for some special cases the optimal mean vacation times are found."
"This paper cautions against using only the equilibrium distribution to describe the behavior of a queue."
"Programming of economic lot sizes."
"Sections IV–VI deal with the model and procedure we propose."
"The cost of slack is the consumption of perquisites by the manager."
"Their results confirm managers' stated willingness to sacrifice long-term value in order to smooth earnings and their stated preference to use real actions to boost earnings to meet different types of earnings benchmarks."
"Six months later, 370 of these individuals provided responses to help understand the transition from visitor to customer, i.e., whether they actually transacted with a specific website."
"It is an inventory problem in which the inventory level can either decrease or increase, and the decision maker is allowed to change the inventory level in any direction at the beginning of each period."
"This paper was accepted by Anandhi Bharadwaj, information systems."
"Quality in the sense of conformance is then conceptually identified with the absence of variation of the population."
"A mathematical model for integrated business systems."
"This paper is concerned with formulating, exploring and interpreting the uses and constructs which may be derived from a mathematical model of programming type which expresses more realistically than past efforts the actual conditions of current operations."
"In a recent paper, Mishra and Raghunathan (Mishra, B. K., S. Raghunathan."
"The author delves into the cost of change to the employees themselves: What human toll is there, then, in a changing, evolving organization?"
"Six theorems are given which extend the class of field life functions such that either LIFO or FIFO are optimal issue policies."
"We present a new unbiased algorithm that estimates the expected value of f(U) via Monte Carlo simulation, where U is a vector of d independent random variables, and f is a function of d variables."
"In all, 70 test problems comprising 20 to 60 nodes are randomly generated and analyzed."
"The control problem is to decide which subset of fare products to offer at each point in time."
"The insecurity cost rate being minimized includes consumer welfare loss due to price hikes, reserve holding cost and capital appreciation of the reserve."
"Insights to an antitrust puzzle relevant to managers are provided."
"Thus the matrix describing petroleum technology has a small percentage of non-zeros."
"The procedure has at least two virtues: it is simple, and it produces useful information as a byproduct of the solution process."
"The LP policy has two major advantages over traditional methods: first, it can be computed in complex environments such as the one described above; and second, it does not require an explicit functional form of demand, something that is difficult to specify accurately in practice."
"The design problem in this case is to assign both workers and tasks to workstations to minimize the expected sum of regular and overtime costs."
"This paper focuses on the degree to which interdependence—and in particular one structural characteristic that generates interdependence, vertical integration—affects organizational learning."
"We conjecture that the relevance of the AE and CE in bargaining is constrained by how focal the feasible agreements’ payoffs are."
"Practitioners who use duration techniques for portfolio immunization must be aware of such an important counter-intuitive result."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"For nonnormal cost distributions, an upper bound of the objective function, requiring knowledge only of the same two quantities, is obtained."
"User participation and user involvement represent two distinct constructs, with participation leading to involvement, and involvement mediating the relationship between participation and system use."
"We explicitly characterize firms’ equilibrium strategies by introducing and analyzing a supply function competition model."
"When asset returns are nearly normally distributed, there is little difference between the optimal M-V and M-LPM portfolios."
"A goal of good management should be to design a reward system for those who take risks in making decisions in such a manner that the rewards to the individual correlate positively with the worth of the decision to the organization (taking into account the attitude of the top management to variance as well as to expected gain)."
"Problems deserving additional attention and research are identified."
"Moreover, our framework can recover the monetary value of total adoption costs."
"This study evaluates the effectiveness of simulation-based training (henceforth, simulation training) as a behavior modeling technique vis-à-vis role-play training in a real-world call center environment across tasks of different levels of complexity."
"The criss-cross method for solving linear programming problems."
"They find that the regret model provides a slightly more favorable fit overall."
"In this paper, we consider a supply-chain model consisting of a single product, one supplier, and multiple retailers."
"Extensive computational results on test problems involving up to 1,000 trips and 10 depots are reported, showing that the new approach always produces very tight approximate solutions in small computing times and outperforms other heuristics from the literature."
"We find that proprietary content providers prefer the Internet channels to direct channels only if the access market is sufficiently competitive."
"The idiosyncratic nature of risk in this market and the revelation of assets’ true terminal values enables us to disentangle whether behavior is caused by sentiment or by superior information about market mispricings and to cleanly test two prominent theories of momentum and reversals—the regime-shifting model of Barberis et al. ["
"The solution procedure is applicable to a wide variety of market characterizations, and the technique may also be readily adapted to analyse impacts of various aspects of market behavior on the optimal production schedule."
"The one-switch property states that the preference between any two lotteries switches at most once as wealth increases."
"Decisions with Multiple Objectives."
"Public health budget constraints force policy makers to prioritize resources toward those interventions that yield the highest perceived benefits."
"More importantly, they allow the manufacturer to extract rents from the retailer, in theory allowing the manufacturer to leave the retailer with only her reservation profit."
"A review of pertinent optimization literature accompanies computational testing of the most promising ideas."
"This setting generalizes the usual approach to single-facility resource allocation by allowing for the effective capacity of a facility to be a (nonlinear) function of the number of different items produced or the services delivered by the facility."
"A consumer who purchased a firm’s product can derive different usage values across different usage periods."
"We exercise the model on a set of test problems for two-echelon systems to get insight into the structure of good policies."
"Thus far, the statistical properties of perturbation analysis have been validated mainly through experiments."
"This paper investigates the value of on-the-job experience for workers’ long-run career outcomes."
"(1) “On a Paper by Scriabin and Vergin” by Elwood S. Buffa, Graduate School of Management, University of California, Los Angeles. ("
"Evidence consistent with tipping is observed mainly for smaller independent brokerages."
"In the case of the markets with a structured order, we find evidence supporting the theoretical prediction that information aggregation is slower when information is complementary."
"Rules are given in the work of Theil-Van de Panne to generate this set."
"We exploit an influential 1991 legal ruling that expanded fiduciary duties of corporate directors and officers in favor of creditors for near-insolvent Delaware firms."
"We consider tandem queueing networks with no waiting spaces and address the issue of ordering the stations so that the throughput (i.e., the departure rate) is maximized."
"On the other hand, the existence of organizational tradeoffs can give an advantage to firms that specialize in a narrower range of products or services."
"In addition, production learning and technology advancement can have opposite effects on the optimal pricing decisions and the choice of pricing strategy."
"We conclude that fast fashion systems can be of significant value, particularly when consumers exhibit strategic behavior."
"Our findings on the recent events contrast with those of earlier studies and shed light on how the changing market environment affects both asset pricing and corporate behavior."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2384.This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"failure"
"An operations research approach to the economic optimization of a Kraft Pulping Process."
"One important implementation of Bayesian forecasting is the Multi-State Kalman Filter (MSKF) method."
"Theory predicts that the effect of team incentives on team performance increases with the team’s social cohesion because social cohesion reduces free-riding behavior."
"Several authors have proposed using scoring models for prescriptive analysis of the R and D project selection decision problem."
"The loss in effectiveness was more pronounced for websites that had general content (such as news sites), where nondata-driven targeting is particularly hard to do."
"Princeton, N. J.: D. Van Nostrand Co., Inc., 1967, 291 pp.,"
"Though he believes regret is probably widespread, he is concerned that regret may be confounded with other of the psychological phenomena that I have discussed, especially disappointment (Bell [Bell, D. E. 1985."
"Numerical experiments confirm the potential of our proposal."
"Experiments conducted using our approach demonstrate that it enables learning the profiles markedly better after very few user interactions as compared to benchmark approaches."
"Thus, we find that AV is not just simple to use, but also gives rise to outcomes that well reflect voter preferences."
"The model also reflects a differing relationship of rainfall to pre-dam flow rate depending on the season of the year."
"This paper is addressed to the first of these goals; the empirical tests and experience based on the framework are reported in a sequel paper."
"Nevertheless, groups continue to choose an inferior alternative most of the time."
"How Does a Retailer's Service Plan Affect a Manufacturer's Warranty? ("
"This paper addresses this drawback by considering a model in which the client selects the payment activities and the contractor selects the activity schedule, each to maximize his own net present value (NPV)."
"Units arriving to the warehouse are allocated to the retailers."
"Specifically, we manipulate the interface of a computer-mediated idea generation system (a widely used collaboration tool) to enhance the system's motivational affordance, i.e., the system's properties that fulfill users' motivational needs."
"This means that eventually the resource will run out."
"I find that intrinsic ambiguity is a necessary but insufficient condition for a sustained capability-based advantage."
"Properties of the context within which knowledge management occurs are represented on the other dimension."
"In a resource-constrained environment with stochastic arrival of demand, longer service duration also implies longer wait, which all customers dislike."
"Finally, we document the importance of detrending the maturity effect by showing that the detrended percentage volatility spread explains future jump intensities better than the original percentage volatility spread."
"The study used three different models to make ex ante forecasts of the U.S. air travel market from 1963 through 1968.These hypotheses imply that econometric methods are more accurate for long-range market forecasting than are the major alternatives, expert judgment and extrapolation, and that the relative superiority of econometric methods increases as the time span of the forecast increases."
"In this paper, a stochastic constrained optimization model is developed for a multi-species fishery that sets the seasonal catch by species, by geographical area, and by month of the season."
"Theoretically, we show that the value of a growth option increases in idiosyncratic volatility but its response to volatility of aggregate shocks can be either positive or negative depending on option moneyness."
"A planning procedure for a real problem which extends only as far as a suspected horizon has a good chance of producing an optimal or near optimal solution for that period of time."
"This paper studies the benefit to customers: the value of service received minus the cost of waiting time."
"Additional evidence suggests that both the likelihood of the withdrawal of an announced acquisition and the likelihood of a future divestiture of a target decrease with target firm-specific information."
"This prediction departs from the often-held view that people who generate more ideas will also generate ideas that are more divergent."
"We document that a definition of risk aversion and risk seeking as the preference for options perceived to be more risky or less risky, respectively, provides the cross-situational stability to a person's risk preference that has eluded more traditional definitions."
"Our empirical results, based on several large commercial data sets and simulated data from a controlled experiment, suggest that the approach is useful for finding provably optimal solutions to realistically sized problems, including cases where partworths contain estimation error."
"The application of this form of inverse in linear programming is also discussed."
"We find that independent directors socially connected to their firms' senior executives earn significantly higher returns than unconnected independent directors in stock sales transactions."
"Using a utility formulation inspired by regret theory, we derive closed-form solutions."
"This effect may be largest among those of high ability."
"We analyze the impact of EDI on the upstream suppliers’ competitive position in a simple two-level hierarchical market structure where the buyer faces a linear demand curve and the competing heterogeneous suppliers have an upward-sloping marginal cost function."
"This algorithm is then extended to solve the problem in which each job is associated with a continuous, monotone non-decreasing deferral cost function."
"But they then look at the hospital's specialization in areas related to cardiovascular care to see whether “positive spillovers” help performance with cardiovascular patients through “cospecialization” in related areas (complementarities)."
"as solutions to Nugent's problems, which involve rectangular plants."
"Within available capacities, however, the location of production is chosen so as to maximize final demand deliveries."
"By exploiting the relationship between the make-to-stock system and an open queueing network, we identify specific formulas for the base stock levels under standard product-form assumptions."
"Indeed, we find evidence that the bene fits of waste prevention alone are responsible for the observed association between lower emissions and profitability."
"This paper develops lower- and upper-bounds for the general multiperiod problem."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, 1967, $8.95, 397 pp—reviewed by Norman Agin;—Fabrycky, W. J. and J. Banks, Procurement and Inventory Systems: Theory and Analysis."
"Two multi-item problems—one in which the constraint was on shipping capability and one in which there was a final stage bottleneck machine—motivated the paper."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Additionally, the power of this test for lognormal distributions is reported."
"We assume that x̃ is endogenous to the economic agent but that ỹ is an exogenous and nontradable background risk that represents a type of market incompleteness."
"Though there is an industry effect, all three manufacturing strategy types are observed in various industries."
"Two numerical illustrations are given."
"There has been considerable emphasis on the strategic importance of process and product innovation in the management literature."
"This sounds innocent enough, but who is helped by a white lie, and who is hurt?"
"Tuition and fees, scholarships, admissions and retention requirements, and counseling policies are viewed as policy settings that can more explicitly encourage educational flows appropriate to development objectives."
"Much less is known about the performance implications of outsourcing of another important IS function, namely, front-office customer relationship management (CRM) systems, where the vendor uses its own personnel and software to perform several CRM tasks."
"We discuss the potential usefulness of this type of modelling for policy capture, including some of the difficulties of employing the Toulmin format."
"A procedure to estimate a functional of sales on the marketing mix and environmental variables utilizing the experienced judgments of the firm's executives and the raw data is provided."
"Through an analytical model, we examine the relationship between problem specification, award structure, and breadth of solution space searched by outside agents toward characterizing how a firm should effectively manage such open-ended design contests."
"The International Center for Management Science was established in 1960."
"Thus, deliverables contracts may facilitate highly novel joint projects that would otherwise be foregone as a result of excessive uncertainty."
"The insight for management: This paper shows the supplier (i) when to stop obtaining new demand information and build capacity, (ii) whether to offer a screening contract to credibly elicit private forecast information or to determine the capacity level without information sharing, (iii) how much capacity to build, and (iv) how to design the overall mechanism so that both firms benefit from this mechanism."
"Abstracts of the key papers presented at the Fourth Annual International Meeting of the Institute of Management Sciences, October 17–18, 1957, Detroit."
"Groups are more or less stable configurations of persons in interaction. “"
"The study complements financial education with (i) financial incentives on a financial literacy test to affect participant motivation, (ii) financial goal setting to provide a psychological nudge, and (iii) personalized financial counseling to enhance the intensity of treatment."
"The modified technique requires manipulation of a relatively small matrix whose order is N by N where N is the number of capacitated links in the network."
"This study investigates whether firm-specific information about targets improves acquisition efficiency."
"It will be suggested, further, that while much attention has been given to the tactical decision problem, the methods typically employed to solve the strategic problem are frequently less than satisfactory."
"This paper models the exchange between cash and decision power among all stockholders in a company with two major stockholders."
"A simulation model is developed describing the transmission of canine rabies within and between 116 spatially distributed barrios (neighborhoods) in Cali, Colombia."
"We model the suppliers' investment decisions under cost-contingent contracts, with wholesale prices determined on the basis of the prevailing component costs, as a dynamic game in closed-loop strategies."
"The general optimal portfolio selection problem with fixed transaction costs is a complex mathematical programming problem."
"Firms can help innovators implement their ideas efficiently but cannot ex ante commit to compensating them appropriately."
"These results point to conflicting logics between science and innovation, and scientists must contribute to both while inhabiting a single epistemic community."
"A second experiment with a 2 × 2 design shows that participants in the difficult condition who have high access to the process owner are more likely to use policy-compliant workarounds than when they have low access."
"It is shown how the results can be used to cut down the region of initial feasible solutions to a region within which the decisionmaker makes no initial discrimination, when the boundary regions are convex."
"I conduct a variety of robustness checks, falsification tests, and validation checks to provide support to my findings."
"Our numerical examples indicate that a critical stock level policy, which ignores information on the status of current production, performs very well."
"The effectiveness of the algorithm can be improved by redefining the upper bound of the manufacturing frequency and modifying a step of the original algorithm."
"Mathematical models and methods in marketing."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"In contrast to standard portfolio choice models, changes in the investment opportunity set in one regime can affect the optimal trading strategy in another regime even in the absence of transaction costs."
"For an ordinary linear program it is well known that, if the resources are evaluated at marginal prices determined by an optimal dual solution, then this imputed value is identical with the value of the primal objective function."
"One prominent feature of RFID technology is that once RFID tags are attached on the items at an upstream site, the same tags can be reused at its downstream sites at lower or zero variable cost."
"The model also provides a basis for identifying specific flexibility dimensions."
"Using panel data for 229 publicly listed firms from 18 countries across four manufacturing industries over the period 1981–2005, we find significant variation across firms in the software intensity of their innovative activity."
"Alternatively, the work force might be held constant at a predetermined level and supplemented with overtime or subcontracting when manpower demand exceeds the supply."
"The preference for variety is a consequence of diminishing marginal utility for repeated experiences with the same product."
"These models are functions of the lead time, as suggested by the theoretical variance expressions."
"If the environment is changing stochastically the fixed computational delay involved in operating the algorithm yields obsolete actions resulting in reduced expected return."
"Homewood, Illinois: Richard K. Irwin, Inc., 1961, $8.50, 545 pp—reviewed by Murray A. Geisler;—Feigenbaum, A. V., Total quality control-engineering and management."
"The gatekeeper phenomenon was found to be more pronounced, but less formal and less well defined in these firms."
"The authors examine data from a leading Internet retailer to explain geographic variation in the success of word of mouth, magazine advertising, and online marketing, and they examine the impact of zip-code customer density on these methods."
"We investigate the effects of price discrimination on prices, profits, and consumer surplus when (a) at least one competing firm can use consumers’ private information to price discriminate yet (b) consumers can prevent such use by paying a “privacy cost.”"
"The results of this study of 29 organizations indicate that certain managerial strategies are strongly associated with high static scores and with improving effectiveness over time."
"Both similarities and differences in the equilibrium results of the model are obtained."
"In particular, our results establish that in many applications involving the selection and assignment of items, one can design algorithms that are intuitive and practically relevant with only a small loss in performance compared with the state-of-the-art approaches."
"This vulnerability can be exploited by terrorist groups wanting to enter the United States."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2680.This paper was accepted by David Hsu, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"We consider the problem of scheduling the production of a single product at each instant during a time horizon of length T (≦ ∞) so as to minimize the average cost per unit time; backlogging of demand and disposal of stock are not allowed."
"In a two-stage study, organizational theorists and researchers were impaneled to make judgments about the similarity of commonly used effectiveness criteria."
"For each of the models, analytical expressions derived from queueing theory, are found for the steady-state distribution of system inventory."
"Like a rule of thumb, an optimal decision rule prescribes a course of action when it is applied to a particular set of circumstances; but, unlike most rules of thumb, an optimal decision rule prescribes courses of action for which the claim can be made that the decisions are “the best possible,” the meaning of “best” being clearly specified."
"The model is formulated in such a way that, given an initial forecast, the subsequent reestimation of the initial forecast error requires only the actual sales experience to date."
"failure"
"The effectiveness deteriorates as the Economic Lot Sizes become smaller."
"The criterion for optimality is minimizing a weighted sum of squared distances between the points subject to quadratic constraints of the form X′X = 1, for each of the r unknown coordinate vectors."
"p. 219)Renée B. Adams, Patricia FunkDoes gender matter in the boardroom?"
"It is commonly believed that piracy of information goods leads to lower profits, which translate to lower incentives to invest in innovation and eventually to lower-quality products."
"To identify specific subsystems in danger of excessive quality problems, we characterize mismatches between product architecture and organizational structure by defining a new metric, called coordination deficit, and show that it is positively associated with quality problems."
"Some hypotheses regarding the relations between the design and administrative characteristics of a business game and its educational properties are also formulated."
"in this Journal, Daniel Teichroew, Alexander A. Robichek, and Michael Montalbano (TRM) investigated the decision-making procedures for accepting or rejecting investment alternatives available to the firm."
"Additionally, analysts who have close relations with stock bidders are more likely to participate in expectation management."
"have developed a Distribution System Simulator (DSS) that produces a customized simulation model for large scale, physical distribution systems."
"Information Goods vs. Industrial Goods: Cost Structure and Competition (p. 164)Roy Jones, Haim MendelsonWhat is the natural market structure for information goods?"
"Thus modeled, the problem has an optimal allocation of workers, and we propose an efficient method for finding it."
"This paper examines the profit to a firm of different production-related strategies for entering a foreign market."
"We further provide optimization-based algorithms for computing and visualizing these sets and statistical tools to assess sampling uncertainty."
"We therefore develop an integrated, multiperiod model of the optimal number of suppliers that combines search and coordination theory, transaction cost economics, and incomplete contracts theory, and we assess our theoretical predictions using a large new data set on the global IT sourcing decisions of 1,355 firms in 12 countries."
"SSDPB adopters also show significant improvement in operating performance relative to nonadopters."
"In diagnostic services, agents typically need to weigh the benefit of running an additional test and improving the accuracy of diagnosis against the cost of delaying the provision of services to others."
"Based on these concepts, an algorithm, which preserves linear convergence, is presented to determine minimum cost flows in networks with convex costs in the arcs."
"We find that relative to the other two treatments, groups coordinate most successfully at high stakes in the Gradualism treatment."
"However, for those interested in the deeper and more important long-range problems which confront the researcher in the behavioral sciences, Section 6 indicates where some of the work of yesterday has taken place and where much of the work of tomorrow must lie."
"Applying the technique of smoothed perturbation analysis (SPA) to the GI/G/m queue with first-come, first-served (FCFS) queue discipline, we derive sample path estimators for the second derivative of mean steady-state system time with respect to a parameter of the service time distribution."
"The Advertising Mix for a Search Good (p. 69)Simon P. Anderson, Régis RenaultWant to know more?"
"During the first of the stages, Definition, most of the key decisions about the system as the user will see it are made, e.g., system goals, scope, overall approach."
"The purpose of this paper is to examine how the benefits of moving to this new organization can outweigh the drawbacks."
"This paper will be concerned with formulating the optimum allocation of search effort as a problem in convex programming so that their solutions may be made amenable to treatment by the adjacent extreme point methods of linear programming."
"Motivated by an application in a public utility, the credit screening problem is re-examined from a decision theoretic viewpoint."
"In order to help understand the main elements of this ability to absorb major international fluctuations as well as provide decision-makers with ways to analyze them and to investigate the impact of other possible developments, a simulation model of Switzerland has been constructed."
"We believe that this paper takes a step toward “automating” the crucial task of choice model selection."
"However, the forward-looking advertising levels are lower than the actual advertising expenditures for both brands."
"In addition, investments in the accumulation of knowledge are investigated for their potential to enhance process change effectiveness."
"In each period, a fixed production capacity that does not vary with time is available."
"This paper presents a descriptive synthesis of a number of a linear recursive estimator (LRE) procedures for time series forecasting, i.e., procedures which involve parameter updates proportional to the last period forecast error."
"The project had a long lead time for completion, and planning had been based on traditional deterministic forecasts of future water use."
"A New Goodness-of-Fit Test for Event Forecasting and Its Application to Credit Defaults (p. 487)Andreas Blöchlinger, Markus LeippoldThe 2005 Basel Committee on Banking Supervision lamented the lack of test statistics for validating probabilities of default, which banks use to forecast credit default events."
"Both market design and fee structure affect quote aggressiveness and trading volume and its composition."
"Essentially the procedure involves determining the lower bound and upper bound for the frequency of manufacturing set-ups and then choosing the optimum policy which provide minimum cost from a limited number of policies within the lower bound and upper bound of the manufacturing frequency."
"The authors find larger average price appreciations, but higher volatilities, in higher price brackets."
"Information integration efforts between manufacturers and retailers, in the form of information sharing, synchronized replenishment, and collaborative product design and development, have been cited as major means to improve supply chain performance."
"Using a large survey of directors, we show that female and male directors differ systematically in their core values and risk attitudes, but in ways that differ from gender differences in the general population."
"We obtain new conclusions and interesting insights."
"Numerical studies are conducted to show the revenue impact of dynamic price policies."
"In a laboratory study, we find that inventory quantities exhibit a consistent decreasing pattern in the order of schemes O, S, and C, with the order quantities of scheme S being close to the expected-profit-maximizing solution."
"But optimization as defined mathematically is not a major concern."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"Using call center terminology, the question is whether to operate two independent queues or one N-network."
"Another that trivial constraints may be binding!"
"We discuss the managerial implications of our results for designing and implementing monitoring systems."
"These observations are used to develop managerial insights about reducing the bullwhip effect."
"Such models have numerous direct applications and serve as subproblems in procedures for more complex problems."
"The Churchman-Ackoff approximate measure of value method was used successfully to measure the utilities of objectives of decision makers in a large public health agency."
"Extensive numerical experiments with synthetic datasets and a dataset of an online auto-loan company during the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) epidemic period demonstrate that our proposed algorithms achieve superior performance compared with existing algorithms."
"Conditions on the parameters of the model are established that insure that it is optimal to advertise less as the product matures."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2599.This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"Organizational implications are discussed."
"How does aggregation affect financial market performance?"
"A generalized model has been constructed which will simulate rainfall over regions containing gradient extremes of annual rainfall of 5 inches to 50 inches within the region for any given year."
"Carriers offer flights of different quality and may sign agreements with suppliers of goods and services at the destination so as to subsidize and foster demand from the carriers’ travelers as in standard two-sided markets."
"Nevertheless, if there is residual valuation uncertainty, the seller may abandon the seller-induced learning to avoid the exacerbated ex post cannibalization."
"This paper considers a monopolist’s product-launch strategy in the presence of network effects, focusing on how to exploit these effects to the maximum possible extent."
"In reviewing my own ideas about management information, I keep coming back to one primary thought, that the only value that information has to management is to allow better decisions to be made."
"For the most part, the literature consisted of a few articles in business journals that had but little impact on the current business behavior of the time."
"Using data on the advertising prices paid by lawyers for 139 Google search terms in 195 locations, we exploit a natural experiment in “ambulance-chaser” regulations across states."
"Using a specialized maximum flow procedure, the complexity reduces to O(tn3) operations when t is the number of distinct machine types."
"For example, from 1995 to 2004, Toyota consistently carried approximately 30 fewer days of supply than General Motors."
"failure"
"Management Sci.27 93–107.)"
"failure"
"Five integer linear programming models are posed, each based on a different optimality criterion dealing with manpower smoothing."
"The model serves a number of important functions."
"Thus, having a woman on the board need not lead to more risk-averse decision making."
"We identify service variety reduction as an instrument to mitigate congestion, in addition to service time reduction and throughput control used for discretionary service design."
"Under such conditions the proper credit policy to be followed becomes a management problem of the first magnitude."
"With scarce empirical support, prior literature argues that managers tend to withhold good news and promote bad news to preserve their bargaining power against labor unions."
"Using a random sample of more than 100 million stock transactions, we find excess buying (selling) by liquidity demanders at all price points one penny below (above) round numbers."
"However, the correlation between measures across time appears to be low."
"One TIMS member in 20 is employed by the Company."
"Boxwood Press, Pittsburgh, Pa., 1959; Arms and Insecurity: The Theory of Arms Races, Lewis Fry Richardson."
"Recently derived results in measurable value theory were applied to derive an index of the overall technical quality of a portfolio of experiments."
"Where the conditions (goal orientation, participant skill, communication facilities) for organizational joint problem-solving are not initially met, steps can be taken to aid and encourage the participants to use the procedures."
"This is termed “risk programming” to distinguish it from previous contributions in this area."
"an algorithm is given for determining the optimum packaging frequency of jointly replenished items."
"Our study provides general guidelines for what strategy a platform should follow based on the heterogeneity in the ad sensitivity of their user base."
"The bounds are useful primarily in the infinite horizon case."
"I argue that the increase in asset return uncertainty during the crisis results in a spread spike, making it more costly for shadow banks to roll over their debt in the short-term debt market."
"We provide two potential explanations for this effect: one drawing on multiattribute choice, the other drawing on construal-level theory."
"Frequent product introductions emphasize the importance of product rollover strategies."
"We see no differences in knowledge of the material or confidence in the test takers, and differences in risk preferences explain less than half of the observed gap."
"We find, however, that additional services start to have a positive marginal effect on the firm's overall profits when services reach a majority of a product firm's sales."
"Our benchmark model involves two types of tasks, Easy and Hard, and servers that are either Junior or Senior in their abilities."
"We extend these results to multiple-stage supply chains with and without centralized customer demand information and demonstrate that the bullwhip effect can be reduced, but not completely eliminated, by centralizing demand information."
"We find that productivity is significantly higher under a forced distribution by about 6% to 12%."
"The insight for management: Advanced optimization techniques can help planners reduce makespan while considering setup costs."
"A substantial number, although not all, of these case studies have tended to emphasize the statistical aspects of the particular problem being described, at the neglect of accounting considerations."
"1967."
"The model suggests that competition among investors will be associated with a greater use of supervision and that investors using supervision will tend to make lower offers."
"I further show that the issuance of callable contingent capital does not affect the default risk of an outstanding senior standard bond."
"In their recent article, Ogryczak and Ruszczyński (1999) proved that those portfolios associated with the efficient frontiers generated by mean-lower semi-standard deviation model and mean- (lower semi-)absolute deviation model are efficient in the sense of second degree stochastic dominance."
"Revenue sharing also coordinates a supply chain with retailers competing in quantities, e.g., Cournot competitors or competing newsvendors with fixed prices."
"It can be performed at the individual level, taking account of preference heterogeneity."
"The findings suggest that different situations call for different approaches to make innovations successful."
"Rivalry-restraint-based theoretical mechanisms predict that an industry's profits will increase when its firms engage in less price competition, or less direct competition, with each other."
"We compared these two risky and sure price promotions for planned purchases across six experiments in the field and in the laboratory."
"A model, formulated as a quartic assignment problem, is developed that explicitly considers the interference of workflow."
"We validate the model using an individual session-level data set of approximately seven million observations resulting in room bookings in 2,117 U.S. hotels."
"This comparative application of different estimation models to the same data to obtain inferences about the nature of underlying cost and production correspondences sheds interesting light on the strengths of each approach, and suggests the need for additional research comparing estimation models using real as well as simulated data."
"Other properties of these models are also examined and related to types of problems which are often of interest."
"This paper was accepted by Martin Lariviere, operations management."
"1, pp."
"This study investigates the effect of information technology (IT) architecture flexibility on strategic alliance formation and firm value."
"Besides, these studies have been conducted primarily in the legal context."
"This understanding has relevance for advances in the science and its application, on one hand, and in management's willingness and ability to use a scientific approach to making marketing decisions, on the other."
"Whether or not the sharing of POS information is beneficial depends on the nature of the demand pattern represented by the POS information."
"A crucial ingredient of our approach is an effective basic formulation for the single knapsack problem representing the coverage condition of a receiver."
"We find that the agent should continue to perform the diagnosis as long as her current belief that the customer is of a given type falls into an interval that depends on the congestion level as well as the number of performed tests thus far."
"Under cancelable contracts, the insurer’s cancelation action ensures that the information acquired is reflected in the supplier’s shipping decision."
"Internet content increases adoption and can be changed more quickly; however, the magnitude of its impact, and therefore its effectiveness as a policy and strategy tool, has until now been unknown."
"Vehicles use standardized batteries that, when depleted, can be switched for fully charged batteries at switching stations, and motorists only pay for battery use."
"It is shown how a branch-and-bound algorithm for mixed-integer programming of the type proposed by Beale and Tomlin can be modified to solve the quasi-integer programming problem resulting from a variable portion size formulation of menu planning problems."
"In probabilistic linear programming models the decision maker is typically assumed to know the probability distribution of the random parameters."
"This heuristic is shown to recover an optimal solution for all the test problems with a reasonable effort."
"Management Sci.41(2) 334–343.),"
"Our findings suggest that outcomes of past repurchases have economically significant consequences through both nonbehavioral (career concerns) and behavioral (snakebite effect) factors."
"Many of these problems can be formulated in terms of a set of linear objective functions that should be simultaneously optimized over a class of linear constraints."
"Group size plays a critical role in determining the optimal group: in small groups the most accurate type should be in the majority, whereas in large groups the type with the least within-type covariance should dominate."
"Extending research on organizational learning to multiproduct environments is of particular importance given that the vast majority of products are manufactured in such environments."
"We show that workers invest more of their retirement savings in stocks if they are shown long-term (rather than one-year) rates of return."
"Put differently, people predict that others’ choices will reveal a more muted form of prospect theory’s fourfold pattern of risk preferences than actually prevails."
"An empirical section on a small sample of assets serves as an illustration."
"The correspondence between asset specificity and repetition is strong in physical capital-intensive firms and not significant in human capital-intensive firms, while the correspondence between fewer suppliers and more repeated relationships is strong in human capital-intensive firms but not significant in physical capital-intensive firms."
"This paper evaluates the relative performances of several well–known and widely–used incentive mechanisms under controlled experimental conditions."
"The scheduling procedure of a particular production planner in a woolen mill is investigated."
"Whereas the former effect points toward adaptation and internal labor market sorting, the latter draws attention to exits due to frustration."
"This paper was accepted by Brian Bushee, accounting."
"The elements include (1) five basic parts of the organization—the operating core, strategic apex, middle line, technostructure, and support staff; (2) five basic mechanisms of coordination—mutual adjustment, direct supervision, and the standardization of work processes, outputs, and skills; (3) the design parameters—job specialization, behavior formalization, training and indoctrination, unit grouping, unit size, action planning and performance control systems, liaison devices (such as integrating managers, teams, task forces, and matrix structure), vertical decentralization (delegation to line managers), and horizontal decentralization (power sharing by nonmanagers); and (4) the contingency factors—age and size, technical system, environment, and power."
"We propose a new type of repairman model in which failures may require multiple repair operations, each done by a specialized repair crew."
"We develop both open- and closed-loop strategies and explain the relationship between them."
"We present a model to study this novel form of financial product differentiation over the states of nature."
"This article analyzes the relationship between organizational change and employee health."
"We should strive to combine all available quantitative techniques in such ways as will provide optimum service to meet the needs of management."
"If the uncertainties are expressed in terms of multivariate continuous distributions, or a discrete distribution with far too many outcomes, we normally face two possibilities: either creating a decision model with internal sampling, or trying to find a simple discrete approximation of the given distribution that serves as input to the model."
"Nonparametric estimators (DEA, FDH, ⋯) are based on a finite sample of observed production units."
"The model is estimated using a bank-level data set of shadow banks in the United States."
"The nature of the positions is such that position one requires the highest qualified candidate (relative to a given attribute), position two the second qualified person and so on."
"Optimization is accomplished by means of a dynamic program."
"1979."
"The approximations aggregate the full loan-level dynamics, making it possible to take advantage of the detailed loan-level data often available in practice."
"We incorporate the impact of quality on lead time variance and on service reliability and demand."
"Erratum to “Firm's Forecasts of Engineering Employment” by Peter Brach and Edwin Mansfield, Management Sci.28 (2, February) (1982) 156–160."
"At the end of the paper it is suggested that “management science” is still evolving, and has a long way to go if it should emerge as a science concerned with (top) managerial problems in industrialized and developing countries."
"Quart.7(March) 7–12.],"
"Our findings also highlight the importance of employment risk as the underlying driver of risk shifting by fund managers."
"The timing of the emergency order is such that this order arrives and can be used to satisfy the demand in the time period just before the arrival of a regular order, when the likelihood of a stockout is highest."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2947.This paper was accepted by Noah Gans, stochastic models."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Co., 1968, 271 pp.,"
"A procedure for finding that portfolio with the highest geometric mean when returns on portfolios are lognormally distributed is presented."
"We analyze the class of monotone pricing policies and establish their suboptimality in general."
"The effectiveness of such systems often decreases as the application environment or user preferences change over time."
"Interestingly, they find that, in the IT sector, skills atrophy and consequently high-experience employees reap higher returns from training, which highlights the uniquely dynamic nature of IT knowledge and skills."
"Then, based on this analysis, several simple cost modifications are suggested to improve the global optimality of these procedures."
"1–25)."
"In a period with low self-use value, the consumer may generate some income by renting out her purchased product through a third-party sharing platform as long as the rental fee net of transaction costs exceeds her own self-use value."
"This paper proposes a decomposition method to compute a lower bound for unconstrained quadratic zero-one minimization."
"With a linear objective function the convex simplex method reduces to the linear simplex method."
"Some product firms increasingly rely on service revenues as part of their business models."
"Finally, a longitudinal analysis of the deposit and loan growth of all federally insured banks in the United States from 2006 to 2017 reveals that customer compatibility affects a firm’s financial performance."
"Furthermore, maintaining a direct channel in addition to the Internet channels changes the equilibrium enough that the proprietary content providers prefer having the Internet channels, regardless of the level of competition in the access market."
"A model is introduced to guide a profit maximizing firm in its quest to enhance performance through process change."
"We find that working capital levels decrease in the fourth fiscal quarter significantly more than expected, conditional on seasonal changes in economic activity."
"In particular, we focus on the impact of each of the four systems on “strategic” or forward-looking consumer purchasing behavior, i.e., the intentional delay in purchasing an item at the full price to obtain it during an end-of-season clearance."
"A partially observable Markov decision process (POMDP) is a generalization of a Markov decision process which permits uncertainty regarding the state of a Markov process and allows for state information acquisition."
"At the national level, we find no significant difference in the callback rates for a Muslim versus a Christian candidate, or for a gay versus a straight candidate."
"Or does variation, related or unrelated, enhance the learning process?"
"Sensitivity analysts was employed to determine key stages in the R&D process where changes in success-failing probabilities might reduce network time and cost."
"For the more standardized patient handover process, this beneficial effect is triggered beyond a threshold of sufficient individual experience."
"Finally, interesting computational results are provided that compare optimal and near-optimal forecast horizon values."
"Controls in the form of therapy, vaccinations or prophylaxis may be superimposed on the natural processes, thus altering the future course of the disease."
"In this example, if an order is placed by installation 1 for stock from installation 2, the length of time for delivery of this stock is determined not only by the natural lead time between these two sites, but also by the availability of stock at the second installation."
"We trace the enculturation trajectories of employees in a midsized technology firm based on analyses of 10.24 million internal emails."
"Thus, the flow line will typically contain work in process (WIP), that is, jobs that have been previously released to the system."
"failure"
"We find that onshore funds are associated with greater share restrictions, more liquid assets, and a reduced sensitivity of capital flows to superior past performance."
"It is tested on a large number of problem instances, from six different classes of MOMIP problems."
"The second version of the dynamic programming model generalizes the risk-neutral case to encompass risk-aversion."
"This paper argues that another way of coping with the uncertainty, risk-constrained methods that have been ignored in existing literatures, could be more practicable (at least as a supplement) for decision support."
"I believe further that the key to integration is the utilization of a new language for decision processes founded on decision theory and systems analysis—the language of decision analysis."
"This paper was accepted by Lorin Hitt, information systems."
"In contrast, the constraint-sampling approach to solve ALPs may not provide a lower bound, and applying row generation to tackle ALPs is not computationally viable."
"If, on the other hand, one allows actors to form relations on the basis of their expectations of the future value of those relations, then profitable positions of intermediation only arise under strict assumptions of unilateral action."
"It is shown that, for the problems considered, the optimal rules for controlling the system belong to a subclass of all possible rules and, within this subclass, the optimal rules can be derived by solving linear programming problems."
"The results indicate that this behavior is partially explained by the inability to make a downward social comparison; namely, when no one is behind a queuing individual, that person is less certain that continuing to wait is worthwhile."
"Firms face a trade–off."
"We show that all products efficient in perceptual space must be efficient in characteristics space but not conversely."
"A few of these other problems are also discussed briefly."
"This provides flexibility to dynamically adjust the number of operators providing service in response to the time-varying arrival rate."
"To test for practical performance, we leverage a unique data set from a cancer center that combines real-time locations, electronic health records, and appointments log."
"Simulation examples comparing the estimators with each other and with “brute force” finite differences demonstrate the possibility of significant variance reduction in settings of practical interest."
"We systematically compare the equilibria with those achieved when the firms service each market segment with a dedicated service process."
"Answering calls requires having service capacity; thus implicit in the outsourcing decision is a capacity decision."
"In the present study, subjects produced alternative strategies and recommendations for a company described in a case."
"We propose that the advice is useful, but only in a buyer’s market, in which buyers counter below the asking price."
"Additionally, a sample from the Makridakis-Hibon's 111 time series is used for ex-post forecasting evaluation of the proposed method in comparison to the Winters and simple ratio-to-moving-average methods."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2942.This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"Measure concentration results are obtained for the surrogate empirical distribution, which further lead to finite-sample performance guarantees and asymptotic consistency."
"We simultaneously measure latent homophily and social influence, while also accounting for exogenous factors."
"One such electronic market is the reverse-auction model popularized by Priceline.com."
"We assume that the supplier has online information about the demand, as well as inventory activities of the product at each retailer, and uses this information when making order/replenishment decisions."
"Quantifying the role of content is challenging because of feedback (network effects) between content and adoption: more content stimulates adoption, which in turn increases the incentive to create content."
"Currently, over-all evaluations using multiple performance measures are difficult to make and even more difficult to interpret meaningfully."
"We conclude with larger lessons for the rating of complex products and for modeling credit risk in general."
"The approach effectively learns multiple attributes simultaneously, can learn well classes that have highly skewed priors, and remains quite effective even when the distribution of link profiles at a site is relatively homogeneous."
"We show a broad market intelligence strategy is only optimal when new data points are sufficiently redundant, i.e., when the learning rate is sufficiently decreasing with the allocation of more attention."
"4, July, 1956) the author analyzed four inventory systems which were referred to as Models I, II, III, IV."
"There are, however, certain key ideas in their article which need either further clarification or simple modification."
"The strategy assumes that excess returns are approximately determined by a time-varying regression with a large number of explanatory variables that are the sample means of past returns."
"This paper was accepted by Gérard P. Cachon, optimization."
"A common view is that a single large accident is more serious than many small accidents producing the same number of fatalities, hence α > 1."
"Numerical results are given to illustrate both the model and estimation procedure."
"In contrast, transparency has no impact on physical capital accumulation, consistent with fewer information asymmetries in tangible assets."
"These findings point to a simple mechanism for promoting successful voluntary coordination."
"We use an experimental approach to show that competitive incentives may induce agents to work harder but not necessarily smarter."
"This paper was accepted by Charles Corbett, operations management."
"Standard game theory, which assumes all players are opportunistic and untrustworthy and thus should have zero trust for others, is used to construct a null hypothesis."
"Our objective is to discuss the technique of digital system simulation."
"This result is of particular interest in light of the somewhat pessimistic empirical results others have obtained when applying the likelihood ratio method to other types of systems."
"The key idea is to modify the constraint coefficients of certain variables in the LP restriction to implicitly account for the capacity consumed in setups."
"If sequential tests are increasing refinements of one another, managers should invest their budgets in a few high-fidelity tests, whereas if the tests identify problems independently of one another it may be more effective if developers carry out a higher number of lower-fidelity tests."
"Our model and analysis produce managerial insights that could not be obtained in the absence of a bargaining perspective on assortment planning."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2956.This paper was accepted by Joshua Gans, business strategy."
"We study capacity rationing by servers facing differentiated customer classes using data from the Veterans Health Administration, which is the largest integrated healthcare system in the U.S. Using more than 11 million health encounters over two years in which the system was capacity constrained, our study provides a comprehensive analysis of the impacts of provider availability shocks on care channel diversion and delays."
"The algorithm consists of solving (by implicit enumeration) a nested sequence of linear covering problems, each of which is a relaxation of the original positive 0-1 polynomial program."
"failure"
"This paper was accepted by Manel Baucells, decision analysis."
"We study sabotage in repeated tournaments in a controlled laboratory experiment and observe that effort and sabotage are higher for higher wage spreads."
"Finally, we find that experience leads doctors to discount negative news more rapidly over time."
"To estimate our model, we use an Italian panel data set, which contains information on consumers' adoption decisions for ATM cards, and their cash withdrawal patterns before and after adoption."
"A critical problem, continually faced by managers in developing “effective” resource allocation plans, is that only limited partial information is available about the system under consideration on which to base these plans."
"We study a rebate program in the credit card industry where the firm automatically processed the rebate earned by consumers with flexible and effortless redemption opportunities in future transactions."
"The societal impact of an accident is determined to an important degree by what it signifies or portends."
"To identify the relationship, we use—as instrumental variables for our diversity indices—the migratory distance from East Africa and the level of ultraviolet exposure in the directors’ country of nationality."
"Recently, several authors have studied rigorous models in an attempt to formalize the intuition."
"1) In the meantime, it still seems fruitful to distinguish “small groups” from “organizations,” so that the extension of the methodologies from one area to the other is done with a modicum of circumspection."
"Taking advantage of recently augmented corporate bond transaction data, we examine the pricing implications of informed trading in corporate bonds and its ability to predict corporate defaults."
"It has been hypothesized that strategy selection is, in part, a function of (1) the ability of a strategy to produce an accurate response and (2) the strategy's demand for mental resources or effort."
"Input to the file is via magnetic tape, console inquiry, or remote interrogation station."
"An optimum checking schedule is one that minimizes the expected cost, which is the sum of the cost of checking and the expected loss due to an undetected failure."
"What is the impact of introducing common components on inventory and service trade-offs?"
"This paper was accepted by Charles Corbett, operations management."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2621.This paper was accepted by Noah Gans, stochastic models and simulation."
"Hypothesis 2 is not supported in the sense that the average focused airline did not learn faster than the average full-service airline."
"It allows for the generalization of various adoption patterns out of discrete data and can be applied in a situation where the eventual number of adopters is unknown."
"Our formulation maximizes the expected reward subject to feasibility constraints, and we relate this formulation to mean-variance optimization and the outperformance of stochastic benchmarks."
"Linear programming, as an optimizing method for handling a mass of interacting variables, has received considerable attention in applications to such problems as production scheduling, logistics, and mobilization studies."
"Analytical and empirical results of the heuristics are given."
"We show that whether or not centralization of stocks by retailers increases profits for the manufacturer depends on the level of “market search” in the supply chain."
"We propose a structural model of correlated learning with indirect inference to explain late-mover advantages."
"Book Reviews—Quality Control and Applied Statistics, Volume II."
"Modern service design practices conceptualize services as multistep processes."
"In contrast, a nonnegligible fraction of participants are willing to tell an altruistic white lie that hurts them a bit but significantly helps others."
"6, No."
"The approaches are compared and industrial illustrations are given."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"Prior research suggests that equity joint ventures (JVs) are particularly effective vehicles for accessing complex technology."
"In this paper, we present a new perspective on flexibility in manufacturing and service operations by exploring a type of operational flexibility that we term “structural flexibility (SF).”"
"This paper reports the development, installation and evaluation of a simulation which sequences shop operations for the next shift."
"For games with non-emtpy cores, the one-core proposals are shown to be better than the core."
"The IMA Volumes in Mathematics and Its Applications, Vol."
"We present an analytical approach to evaluate the performance of a manufacturing workcell tended by a single operator when operator-induced machine interference occurs."
"Both of these topics are described in the context of a practical application."
"The system quotes a prespecified response time window for each product and receives a reward if the demand for that product is filled within its response time window."
"For a given network location problem, the new facilities are often idealized as points, and may be located anywhere on the network; constraints may be imposed upon the problem so that new facilities are not too far from existing facilities."
"It is, therefore, surprising that simplistic forecasting methods dominate practice, and that the research literature on forecasting arrivals is so small."
"We find that if uncertainty is resolved or costs/revenues occur after all decisions have been made, more variability may “smear out” contingencies and thus reduce the value of flexibility."
"Participation without influence, however, does not lead to successful conflict resolution in any of the three development stages."
"A benchmark risk constraint ensures the overlay closely mimics a fully hedged portfolio."
"Overall, our findings are consistent with managers and directors with increased fiduciary duties toward creditors exerting less pressure on auditors and allowing them to reveal more GC opinions."
"We model advertising as exciting consumer interest into learning more about the product, and determine a firm's equilibrium choice of advertising content over quality information, price information, and horizontal match information."
"Each component is allowed to vary across households as well as over time."
"Together, these findings strongly suggest that pre-start-up experience adds to the process of post-start-up learning, and that the industry learning environment plays an important role in whether entrepreneurial firms can achieve a competitive advantage over existing firms."
"Individually, the submission feature manifests itself via empowering users to control their product use experience, whereas the access feature’s positive effect on retention is mediated by diversity and novelty of content."
"Data were gathered on numerous socio-economic variables including ones relating to personal, financial, and professional characteristics."
"failure"
"Laggards gain their advantage through product differentiation—specifically, through marketing/advertising expenditures."
"and then refute it as follows: “One purpose of our article is to show that there is little truth to this theory: divergence, rather than convergence, of equilibrium strategies is the norm.”"
"Overall, these findings suggest that the impact of automation technology on staffing decisions depends crucially on a facility’s vertical position in the local marketplace."
"The most commonly cited issues with mobile apps are low user engagement and retention levels."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.2147.This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"For that purpose, production levels must be adjusted each period to match current demands, to give priority to the higher margin product, or to satisfy the closest customer."
"Although the results show the superiority of the more recent study, the more essential purpose is to illustrate a potentially useful approach to evaluating social indicators which is independent of the local public policy making process and is amenable to computerization."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1884.This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"The depot itself does not hold inventory.)"
"We employ a machine learning approach to show that bargaining process features recorded early in the game improve out-of-sample prediction of disagreements at the deadline."
"By investigating the exact relationship between loss aversion and strong risk aversion, a natural index for the degree of loss aversion is derived."
"We also reexamine the beneficial role of breaks in reducing fatigue."
"This paper contributes to the literature on decision making under multiple probability models by studying a class of variational preferences."
"Statistical tests for validation and sensitivity analysis of the model are also performed to establish the appropriateness of the semi-Markov approach."
"This paper was accepted by Sampath Rajagopalan, operations and supply chain management."
"We conclude by describing how people may face few opportunities to learn the benefits of averaging and how misappreciating averaging contributes to poor intuitive strategies for combining estimates."
"Component lot-splitting considerations, in which the lot-size of a component item may cover only a fraction of its parent item's lot-size, have been ignored in the literature when determining lot-sizes of items in multi-stage manufacturing systems."
"This paper presents the results of experimentation that demonstrates that a solution procedure which couples a constructive initial placement technique with simple and inexpensive improvement procedures produces good solutions with very reasonable computation requirements."
"The following paper, by Anatol Rapoport, was also on the program of this meeting."
"Poor design choices can result in complex software that is costly to support and difficult to change."
"In the other condition, the retailer's contract acceptance rate does not decline when we reward the manufacturer a higher cash payment for each experimental point earned, which rules out the competing hypothesis that the retailer rejects contract offers due to fairness concerns."
"The input coefficients for each such activity may then be constructed so as to allow for all setup costs incurred when the activity is operated at the level of unity or at zero."
"RSTP is characterized by restrictions on the number of daily time periods in which employees may begin their shifts."
"For example, an increase in the degree of economies of scope would increase profits if prices were fixed or if the change were limited to firm i’s cost function."
"Value Efficiency scores are then calculated for each Decision Making Unit comparing the inefficient units to units having the same value as the Most Preferred Solution."
"Paris: Dunod, 1968, 644 pp.,"
"Vol."
"For a large class of demand distributions, we show that when the lost sales penalty becomes large compared to the holding cost, the relative difference between the cost of the optimal policy and the best order-up-to policy converges to zero."
"This paper examines communication in a two-period principal/agent model in which the agent receives a private signal about the second outcome before the first outcome is realized."
"The authors examine whether human capital investments directed toward employee training are effective in improving employee performance."
"Overall, we conclude that investor mispricing of firms’ participation in the earnings-expectations game provides a viable explanation for the dispersion anomaly."
"This paper uses a large-scale field experiment in India to study attitudinal, behavioral, and cognitive constraints that can stymie the link between financial education and financial outcomes."
"The application of these principles is difficult even in individual debate under favorable circumstances, as is evidenced by the wide discrepancy between Professor Rapoport's precepts and his practice as displayed in his comments on my paper in this issue."
"We show that existing findings regarding the acquisition of demand information or the acquisition of either cost or demand information related to quantity decisions do not extend to this case."
"Variations in demand and prices for the various alternatives give rise to a computational problem of considerable proportions and in addition one must account for the firm's time preference for money."
"In cases where this rule does not agree with the optimal ordering, numerical results show that this rule leads to station arrangements that are near optimal."
"Decision makers should incorporate their beliefs and experience into any mathematical analysis of the games."
"”The realism of such formulations and the difficulties of solving for the implicitly defined functions lead to an alternative proposal: that approximate inventory valuations be induced more directly from the context of the recursive inventory process."
"This paper was accepted by Sandra Slaughter, information systems."
"This paper was accepted by Gui Liberali, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"Based on this cost, it is decided whether the sophisticated model should be obtained."
"The dominant firm acts as a low-cost Stackelberg leader, driving down prices and triggering a sales takeoff in the new segment."
"The experimental results show that in the presence of strong reference group effects, limited editions and multiple products can help improve firms' profits."
"We find that the competitiveness of the industry in which the firm operates, the size of the firm, and the firm's degree of diversification are statistically significant predictors for the change in the market value of firms that announce delays in the introduction of new products."
"Important decisions regarding governmental expenditures for the public welfare require accurate assessment of preferences of the citizenry as one input."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.1959.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"Feedback, Self-Esteem, and Performance in Organizations (p. 94)Camelia M. Kuhnen, Agnieszka TymulaHow do both positive and negative feedback affect performance?"
"This paper was accepted by George Shanthikumar, big data analytics."
"The main file may be accessed by many different types of descriptors."
"We investigate whether personal information posted by job candidates on social media sites is sought and used by prospective U.S. employers."
"This paper extends the field of heuristic algorithms for resource constrained scheduling problems in three important areas."
"Under the new policy, which came into effect July 2007, the Fed has imposed a recirculation fee on cross-shipped cash."
"Here the impulses, a term borrowed from the momentum-impulse principle in mechanics, are classified into various factors, internal or external to the enterprise, that contributed to the momentum change."
"Book Reviews—Introduction to Operations Research."
"We find patterns of agreement among advisers, among leaders, and between the two groups, that are consistent with company guidelines identified ex ante."
"By permitting backlogging, which mathematically means that inventories can be negative, the concavity assumptions of these authors are no longer appropriate."
"However, liability by itself cannot achieve social optimality unless patch-release and update cycles are already synchronized without introducing any liability."
"We extend this strand of research in two ways."
"We test how such numerological superstition affects financial decision in the China initial public offering (IPO) market."
"The “endowment effect” is a bias toward keeping rather than parting with one's possessions."
"379, $8.75—reviewed by Daniel E. Griffiths;—The Scanlon Plan, A Frontier in Labor-Management Cooperation."
"Englewood Cliffs, N. J.: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1968, 116 pp.,"
"Often the information used in technical problem solving is costly to acquire, transfer, and use in a new location—is, in our terms, “sticky.”"
"These events may lead to the independent auditor being required to provide an internal control opinion separate from a financial statement audit."
"This is a comment about that article."
"Explicit probabilities of transitive and intransitive choices are derived within the framework of the multinomial logit model and the stochastic consumer theory associated with this model."
"We demonstrate the applicability of both approaches to a real-world planning problem and evaluate their performance relative to traditional parametric approaches that first estimate a multivariate demand distribution and then solve a stochastic optimization problem and a nonparametric approach (SAA)."
"Computation times for representative problems are thus reduced by a factor of three."
"Furthermore, such comparison yields competing arguments about how related or unrelated such task variation should be to improve the learning rate."
"The Fed intends to use this fee to induce DIs to effectively recirculate cash so that the societal cost of providing cash to the public is lowered."
"Numerical examples are supplied and related to the previous literature."
"These findings support our hypothesis that investors’ responses to customer sentiment vary based on whether they follow long-term or short-term investment strategies."
"This paper describes the advantages of using a particular model of the relationships among securities for practical applications of the Markowitz portfolio analysis technique."
"Similarly, ability sorting plays a role: those who ultimately become entrepreneurs may be drawn first to small firms because they offer tighter pay-for-performance links and can subsequently improve their expected earnings by becoming entrepreneurs, or because the skills required for success in small firms are also valuable in entrepreneurship."
"Less understood is the impact of freelancing on individual performance."
"Finally, subjects judged the methods to differ significantly in difficulty and trustworthiness, which were found to correlate inversely."
"Some suggest that experience with previous entry builds such capabilities."
"They also show that the actual cost savings yielded by the new heuristic are close to a lower bound on the optimal expected cost."
"This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"We find that firms increased their productivity rank during periods of substantial inventory reduction."
"Evaluating Heuristics Used When Designing Product Costing Systems (p. 520)Ramji Balakrishnan, Stephen Hansen, Eva LabroWhat is the cost per unit?"
"We derive the supplier's optimal contracts and profits for all six scenarios and examine the value of information and of more general contracts."
"New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston, Inc., 1965, $5.95, pp."
"Professor Manne's paper recently appearing in this Journal (Manne, A. S. 1958."
"This paper describes a branch and bound algorithm for the global minimization of a quadratic objective function subject to quadratic constraints over a bounded interval."
"Many online platforms rely on users to voluntarily provide content."
"Industry or Academia, Basic or Applied?"
"quoting of an offer below his true reservation price for the good) while the seller employs a “markup” offer strategy."
"We prove that the SAA problem converges under mild conditions as the sample size increases but that, computationally, even immediate simplifications of the SAA problem are theoretically intractable."
"Management Sci.30 1238–1249.)"
"By quantifying the effects that new technologies have on their predecessors, the indexes we propose allow patent-based studies of innovation to capture conceptually important phenomena that are not detectable with established measures."
"We identify an index, the modifiedcμ/θ-index, which plays an important role in determining the optimal scheduling policy."
"Insights concerning a system are often provided by comparisons of historical versus simulated data."
"We explore how a country’s information environment affects innovation, an activity characterized by high information asymmetries and potentially severe proprietary costs."
"Financial constraints can cause firms to reduce product quality when quality is difficult to observe."
"Dynamic spillovers of entry are incorporated through a firm-specific unobservable (to the researcher) cost that depends on past entry decisions."
"In this paper optimal solutions to several types of constrained location problems are characterized."
"After the Berlin Wall fell, migration from East Germany accounted for an abrupt increase in the supply of a key resource—labor—in the West."
"Given the recent concern on “big governments” and rising budget deficits in the United States and European nations, there has been a fundamental economic debate on the proper boundary and role of governments in a society."
"Each can be used for production scheduling in an assembly network (a network where each work station has at most one immediate successor work station, but may have any number of immediate predecessor work stations), distribution scheduling in an arborescence network (a network where each warehouse or stocking point is supplied by at most one immediate predecessor stocking point, but may itself supply any number of immediate successor stocking points), and joint production-distribution scheduling in a conjoined assembly-arborescence network."
"A confirmatory composition model first specifies the relationship between measurements taken from multiple informants and organization-level indicators of organizational constructs."
"Previous solutions to this problem have involved complicated iterative procedures."
"Paris, France: Dunod, Collection L'Economie de l'Entreprise, 1964, pp."
"Standard numerical methods are hard to implement in such cases."
"In Experiment 1, commuters changed their preferences for trains with risky arrival times when the alternatives involved gains in commuting time rather than losses."
"We also propose a heuristic order-up-to level using two newsvendor expressions; in our experiments, the cost of this order-up-to policy is 2.52% higher, on an average, than the best order-up-to policy."
"We call into question the dominance of the nominal group technique."
"Organizational design often focuses on structural alternatives such as matrix, decentralization, and divisionalization."
"Poisson models are used to construct the MOEs using data on maritime casualties (accidents) between 1990–1993 from the real-time Marine Safety Management System (MSMS) database maintained by the Coast Guard."
"First the Linear Programming model is developed, and subsequently some computational aspects are treated."
"Many seeding strategies have been proposed, but empirical evaluations have demanded large field experiments designed specifically for this purpose and have yielded relatively imprecise comparisons of strategies."
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"These findings reconcile the diverging conclusions of present-value models and common predictive regressions in a way that is robust to the choice of the predictive variables, the sample period, and alternative cash-flow proxies."
"Specifically, we determine (i) ranking intervals, which indicate the best and worst efficiency rankings that a DMU can attain relative to other DMUs; (ii) dominance relations, which show what other DMUs a given DMU dominates in pairwise efficiency comparisons; and (iii) efficiency bounds, which show how much more efficient a given DMU can be relative to some other DMU or a subset of other DMUs."
"Some of the characteristics of systems in which random walk inventory policies may be useful are discussed; and more general techniques for identifying the form of the optimal control policy are mentioned."
"Intervals with bounds greater than the best local minimum objective value are eliminated."
"This paper studies the effect of competition on opacity in the financial system."
"The insight for management: Portfolio choice might change dramatically in the case of broad shifts in market prices."
"Some computer programs are provided for practical use."
"Household population for the SMSA is forecast utilizing the same statistical technique via a job opportunities/migration hypothesis."
"Specifically, when each division manager seeks to maximize his own evaluation measure and when the center uses its decision-rule for coordination, overall firm profits should be maximized."
"Branches with more divergent customers grow more slowly than branches with less divergent customers."
"In contrast to predictions, however, the reuse of components has a nonmonotonic and eventually positive effect on variability."
"Management Sci.13(3, November).]"
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"On methods of analysis of some extremal problems in planning production."
"We show that sequential introduction is better than simultaneous introduction when cannibalization is a problem and customers are relatively more impatient than the seller."
"We address this problem by examining the impact of a major status-conferring prize that shifts actors' positions in a prestige ordering."
"This supports the need for participation by relevant interests in the planning process."
"When the groups were satisfied with their reports and when they and the project directors felt that the reports of the groups differed significantly from one another, representatives were selected from each MAPS group to form an executive group."
"Using a novel data set of daily sales and an internal credit score threshold that governs the allocation of credit, we apply a fuzzy regression discontinuity design (RDD) to explore the causal effect of credit access on firm volatility."
"Several economic insights regarding the issues of capacity allocation for FMS's, and a generalization of the square root capacity allocation rule for closed networks of queues, are also presented."
"The project involves collecting examples of how different organizations perform similar processes, and organizing these examples in an on-line “process handbook.”"
"Investors who face greater uncertainty desire faster learning, and consequently offer higher managerial incentives to induce higher effort from the manager."
"We show that consumer bidding strategies in such auctions are not uniform and that the level of bid increment chosen influences them."
"The forecasting and optimization models are then used to evaluate commonly discussed scheduling strategies: Protecting Newcomers, Starting Fast, Homogeneity, Counterprogramming, and Bridging."
"Often, however, demand for finished products is uncertain and some type of buffering mechanism is necessary to provide desired levels of service."
"We study triage decisions in emergency departments (EDs) and provide a general procedure for determining when to apply provider triage (PT) based on operational and financial considerations using a steady-state, many-server fluid approximation."
"New problems based upon operating data from Ford Motor Company are also generated and solved."
"These two runs interact and reinforce each other, with compound feedback loops that drastically increase the probability of the collapse of the bank."
"The question for firms in these markets has always been how to enable this response."
"This paper provides a generalized description of such algorithms."
"Such results suggest that the selection of a production/inventory system can be of less importance than the improvement of the manufacturing environment itself."
"Using data on 47,915 new plant ventures in U.S. manufacturing, the author finds that incumbents and diversifying entrants establish significantly more productive new plants than entrepreneurial entrants and that this advantage significantly increases with the importance of learning by doing in an industry."
"This paper presents a more compelling argument for the equality of those rates when hard to monetize benefits such as life-saving are involved."
"These reductions are mostly concentrated in labor-intensive industries, in firms headquartered in states with lower unemployment rates, and in government-dependent industries."
"The optimal strategy for the holder of a “put” or “call” option contract in the stock market is studied under the random walk model for stock prices."
"In addition to specifying different levels of input and output for each activity, we describe explicit crop interdependencies which account for rotational requirements."
"The best upper bound is an extension of the heuristic used by industry for some years for end of season (EOS) problems; the lower bound is an extension of earlier analytic methods."
"1965."
"Using combined data from both companies, the experiment revealed that spillover effects of Firm Vary’s search advertising on Firm Fixed’s business and its marketing campaigns were surprisingly small, even in the market for Firm Vary’s brand name as a keyword search term, where the two firms were effectively duopsonists."
"This paper analyzes the relationship between investment in information and communication technologies (ICT), non-ICT investment, labor productivity, and workplace reorganization."
"One of the well-known problems with the linear opinion pool is that it can be poorly calibrated."
"Our results hold for a subsample of executive teams that experience pseudo exogenous shocks to their social connectedness."
"An operator or cashier wants to provide ample, high-quality service to each customer to improve their satisfaction with the service provided."
"Some insights about the computational effectiveness of the algorithms and some additional difficult problems are also presented."
"Decision rules are developed, with the coefficients in the rules derived from management's past decisions (rather than from a cost or value model)."
"Group replacement policies for machines operating in parallel are generally evaluated by computing the associated expected cost per unit time."
"We study how people reconcile conflicting moral intuitions by juxtaposing two versions of classic moral problems: the trolley problem and the footbridge problem."
"Morris proposed a set of axioms for combining experts’ probability assessments."
"We study the relation between mutual funds’ performance and shocks to the public information environment of their investments."
"Book Reviews—Human Relations in Industrial Research Management, Robert T. Livingston, and Stanley H. Milberg, (eds.)."
"Therefore, using the halo results in utility maximization and is indicative of rational behavior."
"It is shown that existing investment projects must be considered if the total risk of a particular combination of investment proposals is to be evaluated realistically."
"Individual partners, however, can ignore the effects of such an externality and invest suboptimally to the detriment of the alliance."
"A test-vs.-control consumer clinic provides data which, with judgment and previous experience, are used to “calibrate” the model to fit the sales history of the control car."
"In recent years quantitative methods to assist managers in this task have been gaining in popularity."
"In a transportation problem, generally, a single criterion of minimizing the total cost is considered."
"Following that is an actual application, which, although not as involved as the illustrative example, does demonstrate the applicability of the model and its associated concepts and procedures."
"A response to Wernerfelt, B. 1983."
"Analysis of comparative statics shows that, with increasing capacity, membership in C-TPAT systematically declines."
"Valuing path-dependent options in the variance-gamma model by Monte Carlo with a gamma bridge."
"If each industry can independently minimize its direct cost of pollution control, then the indirect costs will also be minimized."
"The planning problem is then to assign service packages to aggregate groups over a multi-period planning horizon to maximize some measure of system welfare within the available resources."
"For products with long manufacturing lead times, so the retailer has a single buying opportunity, a properly chosen price protection credit coordinates the channel."
"The method for improvement is called “incomplete dynamic programming” since it consists of an approximation to the first cycle of the dynamic programming policy iteration approach."
"In this paper, we develop a model for determining outdates and shortages for crossmatched blood using generally accepted parameters, such as proportion of crossmatched blood that is actually transfused, and the number of days after which crossmatched blood is released if not transfused."
"In this study, we postulate that forecasters desire to improve their performance by studying their past forecasting errors."
"To investigate this possibility, we scrutinize the aspect of the financial sector’s self-governance that is directly observable: mutual fund companies’ voting on their peers’ stocks."
"This paper was accepted by Sandra Slaughter, information systems."
"Quart.17 (4, December) to rearrange matrices into a form useful for linear programming."
"At the policy level a referral process is described which allows for change with respect to the set of operational goal variables."
"When A is in fact the best alternative, a collective illusion has emerged because people mistakenly believe that a suboptimal alternative is the best."
"A widespread practice, particularly in public-sector procurement and dispersal, is to subsidize a class of competitors believed to be at an economic disadvantage."
"This paper documents that mutual funds “herd” (trade together) into stocks with consensus sell-side analyst upgrades, and herd out of stocks with consensus downgrades."
"However, we assume that the order in which they appear is sequential, much like the different generations of microchips for microcomputers."
"Computational results on a personal computer show that the heuristic is rather effective, both in terms of quality of the solutions as well as in terms of required memory and computation time."
"In particular, we show that ignoring budgets, a common practice in this literature, can result in significant profit losses for the publisher when setting the reserve price."
"We show that increasing turbulence first increases but then decreases the relative value of vertical integration."
"Our results indicate a differential competitive threat that is predicated on the value proposition that the buy-online-and-pick-up-in-store service poses for customers in each channel."
"If the manager's network has multiple parallel paths with relatively equal means and large variances, Pert calculations will be considerably biased."
"Faced with the decision of whether or not to adopt a new technology whose economic value cannot be gauged with certainty, the manager of the firm may elect to decrease the uncertainty by sequentially gathering information (at a unit cost of c > 0), updating his prior beliefs in a Bayesian manner."
"If available information includes a waiting list (or other noisy signals) to gauge unsatisfied demand, no ex post moral hazard issues remain."
"The model points to the trade-off between the destabilizing effects of overly refined modularization and the modest levels of search and a premature fixation on inferior designs that can result from excessive levels of integration."
"Finally, we illustrate the importance of the timing of the introduction of consumer reviews available as a strategic variable and show that delaying the availability of consumer reviews for a given product can be beneficial if the number of expert (more sophisticated) product users is relatively large and cost of the product is low."
"We study the consequences for supervisors’ and banks’ behavior of a “hub-and-spokes” supervisory system where a centralized agency has authority over banks but relies on local supervisors to collect actionable information."
"Conditions are given under which either LIFO (last in, first out) or FIFO (first in, first out) is an optimal issue policy."
"The computational results indicate that the performance of the decomposition approach does not deteriorate when combined with the methods proposed in this paper."
"Risk vulnerability and the tempering effect of background risk."
"Let N be the number of customers found by an arrival."
"Both the nonbacklog and backlog allowed cases are considered."
"The formulation of the constraints is general and can be extended to different personnel management problems where staff members must cover shifts, and management must assign a fixed number of days off per week."
"We focus on self-enforcing collusion by firms and characterize the conditions under which collusive equilibria exist."
"This paper presents results of research into computer simulation of a mixed-model assembly line."
"Destructive activities are reduced by explicitly calling them by their name “sabotage.”"
"This finding shows that insurance can improve the efficiency of risk management efforts by decreasing free-riding problems."
"An experiment finds no correlation between the degree of decreasing impatience and self-reported self-control problems in daily life, suggesting that changing impatience is not the sole driver of self-control problems."
"This paper was accepted by Shiva Rajgopal, accounting."
"Since advice to one side does not necessarily presume the full game-theoretic rationality of the other side(s), negotiation analysts often draw on the findings of behavioral decision analysts and economists."
"A sample of 641 businesses (221 consumer products and 420 industrial goods) is drawn from the PIMS data base."
"These screening rules have been widely implemented by a major public utility and have resulted in substantial benefits to the utility and to the public."
"Results are derived which can be used to eliminate solutions that cannot represent the best available alternative among the set of efficient and heuristic solutions."
"We randomly assign half of the participants to an experiment location far away from a satellite pharmacy where the missing supplies can be obtained (“difficult condition”), and the other half are located near the satellite pharmacy (“easy condition”)."
"Next, there is a brief discussion of the development of POMDP's and their relationship with other decision processes."
"In reality, retailers often make such guarantees contingent on the verification of product availability at the competitor's location, and decline a price-match request if the product is not available there."
"The theoretical results relate to the management use of increment and ratio measures of effectiveness and to properties of the optimum allocation strategy."
"In their experiments, even the prospect of getting feedback is motivating; people work harder when told that they may learn their ranking, relative to cases when they don't get feedback."
"The presentation will have to be restricted to a few characteristic examples to indicate the fundamental trends."
"developed a simple model to analyze the implications of a growing research organization and the resulting increase of internal mail on the creative productivity of the individual worker of that organization."
"We study the prevalence of multiattribute loss aversion and reference effects in a revenue management setting based on data of individual-level purchases over a series of concert performances."
"In this paper we study the question of determining an Ss inventory policy in the presence of delivery time being a random variable."
"The estimator works well in simulations and in an application to a supermarket scanner data set."
"In this paper, we use detailed data from an Indian software services firm to examine how such changes may affect the accumulation of experience within, and the performance of, teams."
"Finally, we discuss several managerial implications of our findings."
"and the “warehousing problem” [Charnes, A., W. W. Cooper."
"First, new CEOs receive significantly more compensation when financial distress risk is higher."
"Numerical examples show the benefits from offering callable products can be significant, especially when high-fare demand uncertainty is large."
"Finally, we compare both WOM models to analogous models of advertising and demonstrate that the firm’s optimal response to a decrease in advertising costs is quite different from that to an increase in WOM."
"About eight years later, we added information about their ability to survive the burst of the dot-com bubble."
"We further demonstrate that Pearson’s correlation coefficient, which is commonly used to measure and rank dependence, is an insufficient statistic, and that the entire joint distribution is required for comparative statics."
"We do this through a series of laboratory experiments modeled after the loan repayment options offered to U.S. student borrowers, analyzing borrowers’ task (career) choices in settings that vary the menu of available and unavailable loan repayment plans and knowledge of unavailable options."
"The effect in other markets, which have large multimarket banks, indicates that these markets are not as dependent on local funding sources for lending."
"If the customer can assess the probability of product failure, the manufacturer is more likely to offer a limited base warranty and the retailer is provoked into enlarging the service plan coverage."
"These formulations require an integer variable for every shift type, shift start time, and rest/lunch break placement combination."
"The three instrumental variables are work force producing at regular-time, work force producing on overtime, and the total work force."
"In this paper, we examine the validity of this intuition and show that such strategy may indeed be optimal when consumers are uncertain about prices they might find elsewhere and face shopping costs for discovery of all prices."
"The task is big and can be carried out only step by step."
"We develop a computational model based on the canonical multiarmed bandit formulation of exploration and exploitation."
"The graphical method used to display preferences is not new in itself: it dates back at least to the work of Gower (Gower, J. C. 1977."
"Finally, we consider the case where the firm may choose to schedule jobs in other than FCFS order and give conditions under which the optimal due-date-quoting/order-scheduling policy will process jobs in earliest due date (EDD) order."
"Information asymmetry, however, also changes during the fiscal quarter."
"The customer acceptance of a direct channel can be strong enough that an indepent manufacturer would open a direct channel to compete with its own retailers."
"This contradicts the original view that the factory system could be run exclusively by rational means."
"The authors study the show and make a number of observations."
"A similar result was independently obtained by the present author, and is presented here, using the same definitions and notations as in Cohen and Hammer."
"A Lagrangian relaxation of this constraint, which yields another case of the general model, is used to develop a solution procedure for the quasi-public objective."
"Two approximations are presented here for the expected delay for customers from a particular arrival stream in an arrival process that is the superposition of independent renewal processes."
"However, information on online social networks only propagates if it receives consumers’ attention."
"Business/Professional and Personal) from both secondary data on industry usage and revenue, and primary data collected from a conjoint analysis study of cellular service customers."
"We show that our finding for progesterone is not mediated by risk aversion or bidding mistakes."
"Tests of the assumptions on which these common tools are based indicate that they are open to considerable objection, both for practical organization purposes and for purposes of research in organizational behavior."
"The clearest findings were that centrality mediates the effects of functional role, status, and communication role on individual performance."
"We reopen this debate in the context of security circumvention by employees, currently a leading cause of information security and privacy breaches."
"A group process has five components: the entities performing the process, the steps or elements of a process, the relationship between any pair of elements, the links to other processes, and the resources and their characteristics-in-use involved with the elements."
"Another advantage is that the direct methods give unbiased estimates of derivatives, whereas the estimates obtained by resimulation are biased."
"An inventory system under periodic review is considered."
"This paper was accepted by Kartik Hosanagar, information systems."
"Our objective is to evaluate the costs and benefits associated with flexible sourcing when suppliers are strategic price setters."
"The quality of these decisions can be of great importance to the profitability of an individual company, and when viewed on a national scale these decisions have a significant influence on the efficiency of the economy as a whole."
"This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"The analysis also suggests that insider trading conveys information not fully captured by the year's earnings."
"Furthermore, two asset pricing tests are conducted."
"The conversion of a functional layout into a cellular manufacturing system involves the partitioning of several multiserver work centers."
"Interestingly, we also find that the effect of new product introductions on profit rate stems from a reduction in selling and general administrative expenditure intensity rather than through an increase in gross operating return."
"The control discipline is order quantity, reorder point with continuous review."
"The purpose of this paper is to study Gonik's scheme and compare it with a menu of linear contracts—a solution often used in the agency literature—in a model where the market information possessed by the salesforce is important for the firm's production and inventory-planning decisions."
"In this paper we consider a certain perturbation of the objective function that characterizes the difference between the objective function value and imputed marginal cost This perturbation, when applied to a certain class of profit maximizing monopolies, explains the difference between the monopoly price and the marginal production cost."
"Mertens de Wilmars, Opleiding in bedrijfsleiding."
"We study risk taking on behalf of others, both when choices involve losses and when they do not."
"In an article entitled “Maximizing Insurance Buyers' Utility” (Management Science, February 1968), Morris Hamburg and William Matlack obtained results which suggested that-under certain rather stringent assumptions about an individual's utility function, the probability distribution of the possible losses he is exposed to, and the mechanism that determines the cost of insurance—not only is it advantageous for him to buy insurance, but the more insurance he buys (i.e., the higher he sets his liability limit) the more advantageous it becomes."
"A wide variety of branch and bound algorithms have recently been described in the literature."
"This exponential relationship implies that our respondents exhibit a constant absolute intrinsic risk attitude for different price levels, during a time period."
"Empirical analysis with commonly constructed stock portfolios further highlights the practical infeasibility of return targeting due to the inherently low out-of-sample predicting power."
"The Benefits of Competitive Upward Channel Decentralization (p. 741)Yunchuan Liu, Rajeev K. TyagiMake or buy?"
"Compared to the biennial version of the task force's recommendation, the screening thresholds derived from the dynamic program achieve a relative reduction in disease prevalence of 3% at the same screening (and treatment) cost, or—because of the flatness of the disease versus screening trade-off curve—achieves the same disease prevalence at a 28% relative reduction in cost."
"Results in another paper in this issue may raise the question of whether for finite state and action, continuous time parameter Markov decision chains there always exists an initially stationary optimal policy."
"Moreover, even under dependence, our global test remains correctly sized and consistent."
"The amount of risk involved is often one of the important considerations in the evaluation of proposed investments."
"The problem of scheduling tasks with deadlines and linear loss functions was discussed in some detail in two papers [McNaughton, R. Scheduling with deadlines and loss functions."
"Our results demonstrate that simpler contracts, such as a price-only contract or a quantity discount contract with a low number of price blocks, are sufficient for a supplier designing contracts under asymmetric demand information."
"The transfer policy is shown to be a day-specific (s, S) policy which is amenable to efficient computerization."
"All of the procedures seek first a feasible solution and then successively better and better feasible solutions until ultimately one is discovered which is shown to be optimal."
"In assessing fair lending risks where classification of race/ethnicity is called for, we propose the BISG maximum classification, which produces a more accurate estimation of mortgage pricing disparities than the current practices."
"Management Sci.39 487–491.)"
"Five common classes of utility functions were utilised with varying parameter values."
"Contrary to serial replacement, parallel replacement problems require a decision maker to evaluate a portfolio of replacement decisions in each time period because of economic interdependencies among assets."
"Both series and job-shop type job routings are studied."
"We can attribute this reduction to the comparably lower behavioral investments incurred by auction participants who delegate their bidding to IT."
"In the Divisionalized Form, a good deal of power is delegated to market-based units in the middle line (limited vertical decentralization), whose efforts are coordinated by the standardization of outputs, through the extensive use of performance control systems; such structures are typically found in very large, mature organizations, above all operating in diversified markets."
"Users are free to specify any statistical properties they find relevant, and the method can handle inconsistencies in the specifications."
"Representative branch-and-bound and heuristic solution procedures are used to investigate the influence of these problem parameters on solution procedure performance."
"To our knowledge, we are the first to empirically show that market power affects firms’ ability to dynamically price."
"For the first question, on the basis of the model and the data sets, we observe that during the crisis, negative jump rate increased significantly, although there was little change in the average negative jump size."
"$5.95;—Meier, Robert C., William T. Newell, and Harold L. Pazer, Simulation in Business and Economics."
"Additionally, the manufacturer may stop ordering from the less reliable supplier type altogether."
"These experimental results support the theoretically suggested notion that upstream chain members stand to gain the most from information-sharing initiatives."
"When RTs are observable, subjects extract this private information and are more likely to break from incorrect cascades."
"In this paper, we present an empirical study of the factors that can lead suppliers to engage in unauthorized subcontracting."
"Our findings support the effectiveness of this mathematical programming technique for approximating complex, real-world inventory control problems."
"The purpose of this paper is to illustrate and discuss several preference models and measurement techniques that have been used mainly by decision analysts and which are applicable in the consumer preference judgment context."
"Using examples, the implications for managerial practice are discussed and suggestions for further research undertakings are provided."
"However, these are shown as separate steps to illustrate the underlying principle."
"Optimality conditions for the composite problem are partitioned into local and linking conditions."
"Such penalties, however, enable an effective decision process known as “strategic buckets” that holds the potential to achieve first-best resource allocation levels."
"We investigate it in a laboratory setting using a novel multistage trust game where social gains are achieved if players trust each other in each stage."
"We describe the implications of the phenomenon for the use of market-related data in managerial decision-making."
"We examine the association between managers’ expertise and their discretionary bonus decisions in a hospital setting."
"In this paper, we provide upper and lower bounds on the cumulative regular-time plus overtime work force for any sequence of demand requirements."
"The implementation of the computer model using police force data is reported."
"This paper was accepted by Christian Terwiesch, operations and supply chain management."
"Finally, we find evidence suggesting that the credibility of initial guidance is lower than that of subsequent guidance, and subsequent guidance credibility relates to both the length of firms’ guidance history and the accuracy of their initial guidance disclosures."
"This paper presents the first formal examination of role of causal ambiguity as a barrier to imitation."
"Under our model assumptions and for a particular item considered in our case study, we show that a rigorous optimization approach to the promotion vehicle scheduling problem allows the retailer to increase its profit by 2% to 9%.The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2926.This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"Numerical results from both the theoretical model and the RL algorithm are presented and compared."
"This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"The topology of the Generalized Transportation Problem, at the end of each iteration of the stepping-stone method, is characterized by a variable number of loops to which are attached multiple branched side chains or trees."
"Using survey-based measures of the dimensions of knowledge flows, we identify sources of systematic measurement error associated with backward citations to both patent and nonpatent references."
"This evidence suggests that bond investors interpret the decision to disclose pending lawsuits as a sign that the potential losses due to these lawsuits are material and reasonably possible and thus demand more stringent bond terms."
"Given panel data with the transaction history of customers, and product availability and promotion data, our goal is to predict future individual purchases."
"We propose the anticipation-event-recall (AER) model."
"Benchmarking of the procedure is easier since implementation is on an eight-megahertz IBM AT with a math coprocessor, using the standard IBM PC Professional FORTRAN compiler."
"Using a think-aloud process-tracing methodology, we examine the data modeling behavior as a set of activities that are managed by several heuristics."
"ICUs currently lack systematic admission criteria, largely because the impact of ICU admission on patient outcomes has not been well quantified."
"Finally, we demonstrate the scalability of our framework and derive the set of optimal features that maximizes accuracy while minimizing computing time."
"Such a set of alternatives may aid analysts and decision makers in understanding the problem and may serve as a catalyst for human creativity and invention."
"A method is presented for solving linear programming problems where (any number of) the functional, restraint, and input-output coefficients are subject to discrete; probability distributions."
"This paper shows, however, that systematic randomization between noncomparable options may lead to a chain of decisions resulting in monetary losses (a money pump)."
"We introduce the maximin payoff as a plausible and even natural target return from a choice set and show that the resulting target-adjusted utility (TAU) model explains additional empirical observations such as the scale dependence of the Allais paradox that cannot be explained by standard specifications of CPT."
"Data and the e-companion are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2653.This paper was accepted by David Hsu, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"By looking at discrete-time snapshots of the random evolution of a single-server queueing model, we characterize probabilistically the system’s workload over time as a function of an appointment schedule, and we derive recursive expressions for the performance measures of interest."
"This paper focuses on the mix of direct and indirect exchanges that maximizes the expected total discounted quality-adjusted life years (QALY) of the candidates in the participating pairs."
"The method only requires marginal event probability and ordinal or interval first-order conditional probability assessments of a limited number of events constituting the scenarios and guarantees the consistency of the assessments in terms of the laws of probability calculus."
"failure"
"We implement behavioral mechanisms in a natural field experiment to increase loan repayment rates on a peer-to-peer (P2P) lending website."
"We examine whistle-blowing on a peer, an incentive clash between serving the client and earning commissions, and a dilemma about fiduciary responsibility to a client."
"Merton, Perrakis and Ryan, Levy, and Ritchken have established option pricing bounds under first and second stochastic dominance preferences."
"Our results show that for the static model, a calibrated use of available data can yield near-optimal total fleet size requirements."
"We define momentum as a sustained and systematic trajectory in performance over time, and we argue that such trends impact interpretations of current performance as well as expectations of future performance."
"This indicates that retailers can use business analytics to predict unauthorized subcontracting and help prevent it."
"We present a theory for how the optimal combination of debt and equity financing depends on the firm's internal funds."
"A “pseudo order” refers to a tentative customer order whose attributes, such as the likelihood of an actual order, order quantity, and confirmation timing, can change dynamically over time."
"In doing so, we formalize a notion of “system complexity” and investigate its implications for the allocation of these scarce resources."
"This paper was accepted by Jesper Sørensen, organizations."
"It measures the change of impatience independently from the level of impatience and independently from utility."
"As a result, liquidity providers are better able to revise their quotes in response to new information, adverse selection declines, and liquidity improves."
"The sPCA improves the traditional principal component analysis (PCA) by scaling each predictor with its predictive slope on the target to be forecasted."
"Farris and Buzzell's (Farris, Paul W., Robert D. Buzzell."
"Assume that only one item is in use at a time and that a demand occurs only when the item in use is completely exhausted."
"Many marketing problems are usually analysed in verbal terms only."
"We model a PM system, based on an innovative real-life practice, that both incorporates and shapes project managers’ helping behavior."
"Two different types of organizational change are considered: enhancement group work and flattening of hierarchies."
"This paper is concerned with multiechelon inventory systems, where each demand triggers a separate order (one-for-one replenishment policies)."
"We develop a formal model of the timing of resource development by competing firms."
"The practice of administration in marketing has been handicapped by a type of cultural lag."
"We consider the problem of optimal decision making under uncertainty but assume that the decision maker’s utility function is not completely known."
"Our approach determines quickly whether the workcell can meet a required demand under its current configuration and operating parameters."
"The cost allocation mechanisms we propose consist of adjustments to the widely used return share method and include the weighing of return shares based on processing costs and the rewarding of capacity contributions to collective systems."
"However, a particular kind of weighting of industry by industry direct control costs is developed, such that minimization of this weighted sum results in minimization of indirect costs as well."
"Auction Additive&Discrete provides a refined design for a price-based auction in which the price feedback decomposes to an additive part with a price for each attribute and an aggregate part that appears as a price discount for each supplier."
"41(4):577–594.]"
"He seeks an “evaluation methodology which is ‘objective’ in that it does not depend upon the attitudes of managers or public officials.”"
"Our algorithm improves upon the O(T4) running time of an earlier algorithm."
"Specifically, we use a quasi-experiment that varied the (1) quantity (the number of free articles) and (2) exclusivity (the number of available sections) of free content available through the paywall to investigate the effects of paywall design on content demand, subscriptions, and total revenue."
"The underlying concepts are that of quasi-concavity and quasi-monotonicity."
"This paper surveys methods proposed in the literature for determining the optimal solution to “N Job, M Machines” scheduling problems when there are no due dates or priorities and the sole objective is to complete all operations in least time."
"Interactions between staffing levels in different time periods, as well as the impact of shift requirements on the staffing levels and cost, should be considered in the planning."
"Shop factors of particular importance are yield rates and worker flexibility."
"considers a model which is similar to a model analyzed by Gould (Gould, John P. 1970."
"Drawing on the organizational theory literature, and in-depth fieldwork with 50 high-technology ventures, we examine the effects of direct and indirect ties between entrepreneurs and 202 seed-stage investors on venture finance decisions."
"The implications of the findings for expert systems design are discussed in the conclusion of the paper."
"This paper was accepted by Karl Diether, finance."
"Ann Arbor, Michigan: University of Michigan Press, 1960, pp."
"In the converse scenarios, we find, it is more important to have a partner with a portfolio of favorable “contextual” characteristics (high inventory turnover, financial liquidity, and asset turnover) than to have a productive partner."
"While the problem of determining the expected value of the maximum may be very difficult at times, a number of related problems, some quite important in their own right, may be considerably easier to solve and also may provide bounds for the expected value of the maximum."
"Their continual absence deprives our organization of contributions some of the founders of TIMS valued as most important."
"We then compare the performance of the two systems under optimal pricing/subsidy mechanisms and show that often a manufacturer is better off in a decentralized system with high market search."
"The production volumes in the first stage are bounded by given capacity limits."
"Over the past 50 years the department has had a variety of titles, reflecting an evolving understanding of the boundaries of the operations function."
"Bargaining and competition part I: Characterization."
"We consider dynamic repositioning when competing firms try to follow the evolution of consumer preferences while taking into account the competitive interaction, both in terms of static market competition and the dynamic effects of different firm positionings."
"Again, the evolutionary equilibrium contains a strictly positive proportion of naive bidders."
"This paper studies an organizational architecture that I call information-age architecture."
"The purpose of this paper was to develop a set of factors which would enable one to answer questions regarding specific alpha and beta values, whether they should be large or small errors, and to what kinds of decisions are these errors related."
"For example, if a shopper sees multiple prices over time, how is the final price perceived relative to all of the previous prices?"
"Karni, Schmeidler, and Vind's (KSV 1983) system depends on selecting an arbitrary auxiliary probability, and as such, does not guarantee the uniqueness of the derived subjective probability."
"This survey examines eight mathematical programming models of pattern classification."
"On a routing problem."
"The insight for management: Perfect recall is not essential for the application of game theory to cooperative games, but more or less cooperative outcomes depend on what might be forgotten."
"Intermediaries can choose between functioning as a marketplace (in which suppliers sell their products directly to buyers) or as a reseller (by purchasing products from suppliers and selling them to buyers)."
"The model focuses on two important elements of the “core” buyer's responsibility: (1) assessing the supplier's capability, and (2) allocating some or all of a fixed level of some buyer-internal resource to help the supplier."
"The resulting estimates are incorporated in a combinatorial model, representing the decision of a program scheduler seeking to maximize ratings."
"We validate these results by using electricity generation and demand data of the state of Texas."
"We investigate the impact on the emergence of HIEs of state laws that incentivize HIE efforts and state laws that include different types of privacy requirements for sharing healthcare data, focusing on the impact of laws that include requirements for patient consent."
"Probably that was a sound choice of a starting point."
"This article presents a mathematical model describing the most general case in equipment investment policy."
"Finally, the mini-max strategy used in two-person games is compared with policies based on other decision criteria and is shown to have a pivotal place in the planning process."
"The argument is threefold."
"Interestingly, feedback has an inverse relationship with performance."
"They also find that the overnight return is strongest when high-income viewership is high."
"Furthermore, these techniques require for each action the one step transition probability and reward matrices, and obtaining these is often unrealistic for large and complex systems."
"This paper was accepted by Gabriel Weintraub, revenue management and market analytics."
"We test these ideas using a longitudinal data set of more than 5,700 entrepreneurs and find consistent evidence."
"The stated “cut off rate” for accepting capital projects in firms is often greater than the market rate of interest."
"Assortment rotation—the retailing practice of changing the assortment of products offered to customers—has recently been used as a competitive advantage for both brick-and-mortar and online retailers."
"This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"Our results also provide the microfoundation for a common structure in idiosyncratic risks and suggest the importance of incorporating the effect of subtier supply network structure in the portfolio-optimization process."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"In particular for the latter, an extended period of rest should precede an ultimate high-intensity stress."
"We illustrate how the model evolved to meet management needs and provided suggestions on advertising, dealer training, and consumer incentives."
"By and large, machine learning tools are intended to minimize prediction error and do not account for how the predictions will be used in the downstream optimization problem."
"Further conditions are given which assure that the optimal rationing and procurement policies may be determined myopically."
"In an attempt to gain a better understanding of the issues, we have developed a model of three retailers whose products may have a certain degree of substitutability."
"This paper examines the consequences of the paycheck protection program (PPP) for bank risk-taking and whether the shift to the current expected credit loss (CECL) model moderates this effect."
"How will electronics and scientific analysis change management planning and control?"
"In asset return predictability, realized returns and future expected returns tend to move in opposite directions."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc. 1960."
"Stock-price reactions of nonparticipating competitors of the acquirer and target are positive while announcement returns of customer firms are negative."
"The proposed lower bound may be computed for up to 25 errors in the sample and provides tighter limits than the widely used Stringer bound."
"To demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach, we implement it on a data set of over 25 million mortgages."
"We ask why a startup should participate in an open standards community."
"Our results show that excluding high-frequency option information produces significant differences in variance jump parameters, estimated risk premiums, and option pricing errors."
"The study tested several hypotheses which specified the conditions under which information in one presentation form would receive higher weight in a decision than the other form."
"3) Where specialties have become bureaucratized, where projects have a complex division of labor over both individuals and time, specialist interests will be protected not by professionals or the “profession” but rather by someone with formal executive authority who is responsible for a work force of specialists."
"While every item (raw material, intermediate material, end item, equipment item) in, say, a petroleum refinery may be indirectly related to every other, any particular process uses few of these."
"Shop-floor employees play a key role in manufacturing innovation."
"504 pp."
"This paper was accepted by Teck Ho, behavioral economics."
"We identify three systematic behavioral deviations from the theoretical model: (1) in the auction, bidders do not enter 100% of the time; (2) in the sequential mechanism, bidders do not set preemptive bids according to the predicted threshold strategy; and (3) subsequent bidders tend to overenter in response to preemptive bids by first bidders."
"In diagnostic services, agents typically need to weigh the benefit of running an additional test and improving the accuracy of diagnosis against the cost of delaying the provision of services to others."
"Organizations increasingly seek solutions to their open-ended design problems by employing a contest approach in which search over a solution space is delegated to outside agents."
"These results offer some support for the proposition that the heritable variation in behavioral anomalies is partly mediated by genetic variance in cognitive ability."
"The derivation of the estimators sheds some new light on the complications encountered in applying the technique of SPA."
"We document empirical evidence consistent with this finding."
"The study has implications for practitioners who face real-world information-aggregation problems and for groups of experts who seek a consensus."
"In plain terms, this means that when the organization is big enough, everyone devotes his time essentially to reading reports written by others."
"We refer to this phenomenon as the value of concealment and show that the retailer enjoys a positive and significant value of concealment under quite general conditions."
"Our paper may, therefore, provide a more realistic theory for modeling search, at least for those types of search—such as online purchasing—that involve two stages of information acquisition."
"We study the interplay between profitability uncertainty and moral hazard, where profitability is multiplicative with managerial effort."
"However, effective implementation of these strategies can be challenging."
"An analytic solution for one of the models is derived, and numerical examples given."
"We find that the main contributing factor to this peculiarity is the discriminatory pricing scheme prevalent in the industry—that is, a service provider charges a lower per-minute fee for the calls initiated and received within the same network than for the calls connected across two networks."
"This paper presents a new model of probabilistic binary choice under risk."
"Daily fantasy sports (DFS) is a multibillion-dollar industry with millions of annual users and widespread appeal among sports fans across a broad range of popular sports."
"1973, 1974, unabridged version of present paper.],"
"Intensive testing indicates that our solution method for each stage of the stochastic program is robust, effective, and that it significantly outperforms existing methods."
"Most such carriers have perfect safety records so far but, collectively, the recent entrants averaged twelve times the death risk per flight in 1979–86 of the established trunklines."
"The capacity constrained p-median problem differs only in that there is an upper limit on the sum of the weights of the sites served by each service site.)"
"In complicated networks the construction of a suitable spiral diagram may itself become a difficult problem, particularly when the buses flowing into a main branch have to be geared with the buses flowing out of this branch."
"We introduce a condition on this dependence called “multiattribute risk linearity” that implies a logarithmic form for the multiattribute utility function, and we show that a logarithmic utility function can be determined by assessment procedures that require the same number of indifference assessments as those for a multiplicative utility function."
"Integration helps reallocate liquidity when different banks are hit by uncorrelated shocks."
"A sensitivity analysis of the model is performed."
"The simulation results show that the injection of autocorrelation into interarrival times, and to a lesser extent into service demands, can have a dramatic impact on performance measures."
"Nonadopters, who remain on manual-only payments, experience an unchanged high likelihood of future fees, despite exhibiting ample levels of available liquidity."
"A critical assumption in the development of our model is that there exist segments of customers with different valuations, usage levels, and price sensitivities for cellular service."
"Our results suggest that hospitals can increase communication about operational failures by deliberately making it difficult to work around them while simultaneously providing a high level of access to process owners."
"Little is known, however, about the reverse of this process: the forgetting that occurs during production interruptions."
"Data and the Internet appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2840This paper was accepted by Neng Wang, finance."
"The scientists who have suggested improvements of the techniques of managerial analysis and decision making through the application of the “scientific method” have called attention to a worthwhile and important goal."
"Dynamic panel analysis, instrumental variables, and a variety of robustness checks are used to address measurement error concerns and to add support for a more causal interpretation of the results."
"Using data from two manufacturing departments in an electronic equipment company, we construct a model of productivity improvement as a function of cumulative output and two managerial variables—engineering changes and workforce training."
"Dedicated and quasi-index institutional investors increase their stockholdings in response to increases in positive ESWOM such as joy and trust."
"Rejoinder to the comment (McLaughlin, C. P., B. M. Khumawala."
"It became obvious from the optimistic forecasts and fragmented historical records that the membership system was poorly understood by the club's decision making groups and committees."
"Constraints are that the content of the alloys in various metals must be within given ranges and that the selected amount of each scrap alloy must be either zero or within a given range."
"Our results also reveal how clients benefit from their own past experience and how they use professional credentials to guide their choices."
"We illustrate the method and concepts using a numerical example addressing a focal, real-world problem of risk and ambiguity regarding climate change."
"The estimation of an underlying Markov process of constant transition probabilities which explains aggregated market share movements over time has received much attention from theorists and applied researchers."
"This paper was accepted by Yan Chen, decision analysis."
"The results are applied to ground water storage control and tested empirically by comparison with a decision rule obtained by detailed numerical methods."
"The key assumptions, which have a behavioral flavour that seemingly contradicts orthodox economics, are grounded in the theoretical and empirical literatures."
"A comprehensive stochastic cost function is integrated into an efficient balancing algorithm to enable an approximately minimum cost balance to be obtained."
"It finds that some U.S. pharmaceutical firms responded to the opportunity presented by the discovery of antibiotics in the 1940s by investing more in R&D, while many others did not."
"The concepts developed lead to a description in the form of a pulse train model which provides the analysis of the operation of the piece of equipment or weapon system."
"Under full information, action requirements dominate: they always induce the maximum economic value."
"We report model findings on recommended project selection strategies for efficient and disadvantaged firms."
"Our main results are as follows."
"In a recent article (Salveson, M. E. 1955."
"This report presents—A. General Session—B. Papers on Accounting—C. Selected Topics—D. Automation and Computation—E. New Techniques and Ideas—F. Transportation—G. Forecasting and Planning—H. Behavioral Sciences—I. Addresses"
"We found that employees performed four different technology adaptation behaviors—exploration-to-innovate, exploitation, exploration-to-revert, and avoidance—based on whether they appraised an IT as an opportunity or a threat and whether they had perceptions of control over an IT."
"We further relate our findings to the hard–easy effect and also show that differences between epistemic and aleatory judgment are amplified when judges have more knowledge concerning relevant events."
"Remote working generally increased job performance, but the effect was greatest for mothers."
"We explore rationales for our findings, which include investor sentiment, the notion that market makers trade on information in options markets, and option-based risk protection strategies used by retail investors."
"Institutions serving customer bases with more dispersed needs have branches that exhibit slower growth than those of institutions serving customer bases with less dispersed needs."
"A matrix approach to nonstationary chains."
"We provide evidence of perverse incentives in crowdfunding that are not fully recognized by the market."
"Also, in contradiction to implications of the note, empirical examples based upon both hypothetical and actual media exposure data are given."
"An experimental design assesses the effects of: (a) the size of the problem (i.e., the number of control units over which allocations are to be made), (b) the noise-to-signal ratio in the market and (c) individual differences among the model users."
"In particular, we show how to obtain a (1 − ε)-approximation using an integer program of polynomial size, and investigate the performance of a greedy procedure, both analytically and computationally."
"This paper develops a simultaneous solution for the maintenance-repair crew size and the optimal maintenance period."
"A particular challenge is in fine-grained predictions; one must contend with the risks of mis-specification and overfitting/underfitting."
"For a given subset 𝒜 of the state space, consider the problem of using simulation to estimate the number of transitions it takes the process to enter 𝒜. Using estimators based on the “observed hazard,” we are able to improve on the usual Monte Carlo estimator."
"Graphs are provided for these cases."
"Companies and managers are apt to forget information; however, classic game theory analysis has assumed that all players have perfect recall."
"The emphasis on income distribution is reflected in our model in delineation of regional employment goals."
"The existence of a safety tipping point has important implications for hospital management."
"On the other hand, the results show that organizations with ineffective scanning systems typically fail to exhibit the requisite level of alignment between contexts and scanning design."
"This variation undermines the usefulness of inventory turnover in performance analysis, benchmarking, and working capital management."
"This paper generalizes the approach of activity networks, exemplified by PERT and CPM, to networks in which activites and events occur probabilistically and contain logical relationships of a more complicated nature."
"A note about Kantorovich's paper, ‘Mathematical Methods of Organizing and Planning Production'."
"Management Sci.28 (5, May) 563–572.),"
"Res.31 253–276.)."
"The computations are simplified dramatically when there is a risk free asset and the investment returns are jointly normally distributed."
"Computational procedures are developed and numerical results are presented for commonly used service time distributions."
"We further find that family firms in the early stage of their life cycle invest more in employee relations when they operate in labor-intensive industries in which the benefits from family owners’ monitoring of employees are expected to be large."
"The model developed here suggests that in some circumstances, even with significant piracy, not protecting can be the best policy, both raising firm profits and lowering selling prices."
"A corporate system model of the club was developed from interviews with the club executive and influential club members."
"The literature related to the various process-determinant pairings is then reviewed, and is summarized in the form of propositions."
"Such autocorrelations do, in fact, abound in real-life systems, and worse, simplifying independence assumptions can lead to very poor estimates of performance measures."
"The algorithm exploits a lower bound obtained by decomposing the distribution network into facilities-in-series problems."
"In addition, convexity issues in network location problems are discussed."
"Treasuries command a significant risk premium when optimistic agents speculate by leveraging their positions using bonds."
"In the present paper we will demonstrate (a) how optimal (i.e., minimum expected cost) decision rules may be derived for a quadratic cost function involving inventory, overtime, and employment costs, and (b) how the numerical coefficients of the rules may be computed for any set of cost parameters."
"Managers come to prefer issues that are current, specific, and ad hoc, and that are presented in verbal form."
"Our vanishing contagion spread result calls into question recent findings based on production economies, in which quantities of risk (volatilities and jump sizes of securities) are specified exogenously, that attribute credit spreads mostly to contagion."
"The format of pricing contracts varies substantially across business contexts, a major variable being whether a contract imposes a fixed fee payment."
"2 (January 1963), pp."
"The model which is linear and deterministic was developed in response to the sponsor's request for a simplified technological forecasting procedure."
"These are, (1) use of linear programming models as guides to data collection and (2) analysis (and prognosis) of fruitful areas of additional research, especially those which appear to have been opened by industrial applications."
"This paper is concerned with optimal allocation over time of a single resource which is either fixed in supply or only partially renewable at a point in time."
"This paper was accepted by Renee Adams, finance."
"and Ehrhardt (Ehrhardt, R. 1984. ("
"The paper presents a procedure to compute link survivability, develops an integer programming formulation of the proposed survivability model, and discusses a special case of practical interest and its associated heuristic procedure."
"Treatment may succeed or fail, and in the case of failure, the requester incurs further follow-up costs."
"From a theoretical perspective, a traditional distinction between radical and incremental innovation has often been used in the literature of innovation, and has created the basis for many classical contingency studies."
"We present a dynamic pricing formulation designed to maximize welfare and show that the welfare-maximizing dynamic pricing policy has the same structural properties as the revenue-maximizing policy."
"Activist hedge funds improve target firms’ M&A decisions by influencing their governance practices."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"We formulate the empirical model as a mathematical program with equilibrium constraints and estimate it allowing for latent class heterogeneity using an iterative expectation-maximization algorithm."
"These two sources of nonlinearity are combined into a two-stage model of choice under uncertainty."
"It also demonstrates its use in measuring portfolio quality and in estimating loss rates."
"Using a novel data set of establishment-level management practices from the U.S. Census Bureau, we show that firms with more specific, formal, frequent, or explicit (i.e., “structured”) management practices tend to acquire establishments with less structured management practices and, following the acquisition, adopt more structured practices at the target establishments."
"Book Reviews—Likert, Rensis."
"Organizations often require agents’ private information to achieve critical goals such as efficiency or revenue maximization, but frequently it is not in the agents’ best interest to reveal this information."
"This paper studies the incentive for vertical information sharing in competing supply chains with production technologies that exhibit diseconomies of scale."
"The authors provide a new approach to the problem of configuring a set of transmitters to provide service coverage to a set of receivers that is quicker to solve and better matches the situation in practice."
"Specifically, with up-front price commitment, dual sourcing leads to inflation of supplier prices because expensive suppliers will still receive part of the business if they are sufficiently quick."
"This paper was accepted by Ashish Arora, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"When the user profile is not available (or is inadequate), the site cannot effectively target products, promotions, and advertisements."
"The insurance industry middle management compensation problem served as the experimental context."
"failure"
"Approximately 2,200 chemists and physicists were observed."
"Upon the completion of a batch of regular jobs, the decision maker observes the amount of rework and decides on whether to switch over to process the reworks or continue to process another batch of regular jobs."
"Disjoint planning horizons are shown to be possible which eliminate the necessity of having data for the full N periods."
"Are product and process innovations separate, or are they on a continuum?"
"If consumers are forward-looking with a known discount factor, our framework can control for the heterogeneous life span faced by consumers of different ages, and hence measure adoption costs more accurately."
"The optimal policy is either a combination of bail-in and bailout—in which the government uses a minimal amount of public transfers to lower banks’ cost of debt—or liquidation, depending on the severity of moral hazard and the shadow cost of the partial bailout."
"As a result, callable contingent capital provides an alternative design for contingent capital using a prudential capital structure for a bank that is “too big to fail."
"The average improvement over the usual method was about 30%."
"Consumers often consult the reviews of their peers before deciding whether to purchase a new experience good; however, their initial quality expectations are typically set by the product’s observable attributes."
"J. Econom."
"Also, when problems are framed as opportunities for learning, the combination of positive attributions that boost motivation and the suppression of threat effects can improve the effectiveness of improvement activities."
"Specifically, firms that disclose a higher proportion of their pending lawsuits face higher yields and are more likely to include default clauses pertaining to court judgments in the bond prospectuses."
"This method of writing is likely to be used by organizations if, and only if, its merits are fully understood."
"Sourcing rules may limit the minimum and maximum amounts of business that can be awarded to a single supplier or dictate the minimum number of suppliers who are awarded business, thus necessitating split awards."
"The results show that, in a large percentage of stocks, skewness persists over time."
"are different from the test problems given in Nugent, Vollmann and Ruml (Nugent, C. E., T. E. Vollmann, J. Ruml."
"Supporting these arguments using the empirical setting of Gujarati immigrant entrepreneurs in the lodging industry, we find that the likelihood of survival of an immigrant entrepreneur’s hotel increases when surrounded by higher counts of branded hotels (representing high-resource establishments) owned by individuals from their ethnic group but is unaffected by unbranded motels (representing low-resource establishments) owned by members of their ethnic group or by branded hotels owned by individuals from other ethnic groups."
"We suggest a new account of the endowment effect as reflecting the human aversion to “giving it all up” rather than simply an aversion to incurring any loss relative to the status quo."
"One explanation has been the difficulty of extending the experimental methods used to study individual decisions to aggregate, dynamic settings."
"A real data example on macroeconomic forecasting shows that the sPCA has better performance in general."
"This paper develops optimal clearance prices and inventory management policies that take into account the impact of reduced assortment and seasonal changes on sales rates."
"Whether the revenue maximizer overstuffs or understuffs the high-priority class depends on a measure of consumer surplus that is captured by the mean residual life function of the valuation distribution."
"However, it is unclear how quotas for female managers affect organizations and whether quotas improve or damage relationships between managers and their subordinates."
"This terminal is located in the heart of the city where land availability is critical."
"The voice-based trading system contributes more to price discovery when trade size is large and liquidity is low."
"One goal of the present research was to provide an empirical test of the evocative knowledge map methodology."
"This paper was accepted by by Chris Forman, guest department editor."
"This paper presents the derivation of decision rules for determining the amount of each item to produce and hold in inventory in a multi-product factory."
"1987."
"The word “programming” refers here to optimal allocation, as in machine loading, or to optimal scheduling of one kind or another. “"
"However, the result only holds for certain partial derivatives of the performance measure when using naive simulation."
"These results isolate and reinforce the importance of social capital not only for immigrant entrepreneurs but also more generally for any entrepreneurs belonging to ethnic, professional, religious, or social groups."
"It can be solved by any maximal flow or minimal cut algorithm."
"We show that this trade-off interacts with firms’ financing choices."
"We also document an increase in churn directly after the notification, not at the time of the future price change, and argue that this timing pattern is evidence of sophisticated inattention: customers take immediate action to mitigate the impact of their own future inertia."
"Interruptions have commonly been viewed as negative and as something for managers to control or limit."
"These had been proxied in previous studies by data on U.S. industries entered."
"It is shown that, for both these models, a sufficient condition for optimality is that the decision rule be the optimal piecewise linear rule."
"More precisely, 47% invested a strictly smaller amount in the risky asset, whereas 34% were indifferent."
"We study a critical question faced by such firms in the novel context of multicategory two-sided platforms: how to optimally make investment decisions across two sides, multiple categories, and different time periods to achieve fast and sustainable growth."
"This paper proposes and tests a procedure for decomposing a large scale production planning problem modeled as a mixed-integer linear program."
"However, many points made in this paper regarding shortest path network problems may be misleading."
"We examine effort and accuracy and their role in strategy selection."
"A new air quality management strategy is suggested which is based on the requirement that polluters who choose to act independently of others must reduce emissions according to the benchmark solution."
"Also specified are arbitrary time lags which prescribe that a job may not be started (completed) on machine II until at least a certain time has elapsed since starting (completing) the job on machine I. A rule is given for determining the sequence in which jobs are to be run on the machines—using the same sequence for both machines—in order to minimize the time between the start of production of the first job on machine I and the completion of production of the last job on machine II."
"We study how a manager's short-term interest in the firm's market value may motivate channel stuffing: shipping excess inventory to the downstream channel."
"The resulting Value Efficiency scores are optimistic approximations of the true scores."
"As part of our approach we also propose a novel cluster-level microperturbation method for masking data that overcomes a common problem of traditional clustering-based methods for data masking, which is their inability to preserve important statistical properties such as the variance of attributes and the covariance across attributes."
"The system is modeled as a Markov decision process and a heuristic rule is presented."
"Using data on insurers’ corporate bond holdings, we find that illiquidity of corporate bond portfolios varies widely and persistently across insurers and is related to insurers’ investment horizon and funding constraint, consistent with the notion of liquidity clientele."
"In using a computer simulation to gain insight into a planning problem, repeated runs over a range of input variables can be used to develop a picture of the general response of the system being studied."
"Thus, standard bandit algorithms may unnecessarily explore."
"An important simplification result of Scarf (1960) and Azoury (1985), which allows the scale parameter to be removed from the optimization, is shown to extend to this setting."
"A critique of the distribution system simulation."
"The order of the stations is assumed not to affect the quality of the service customers obtain."
"Most everyone would agree that optimal management decisions can only be made on the basis of sharp information."
"Diffusion of ISO 9000 is driven primarily by geography and bilateral trade relations, whereas that of ISO 14000 is driven primarily by geography and cultural similarity."
"Economic Interpretation of Probabilities Estimated by Maximum Likelihood or Score (p. 308)D. J. JohnstoneHow are forecasting and risk aversion related?"
"Interaction” refers to the interlocking of the reactions of individuals to each other as stimulus objects."
"Notably, most of the implementation costs of the strategy would be incurred by the benchmark anyway."
"Harvard Business School Working Paper 83-18, 1982."
"It is argued that such a person will never perceive any two events as (probabilistically) independent, in the same sense that an ignorant person does not perceive events as certain."
"53, No."
"It is shown that both indexes are closely related to R&D employment."
"After showing that the optimal declaration is always between the declarer's valuation and the fractile of the subjective distribution corresponding to the share owned, we show that the optimal declaration is always increasing in the valuation, and for a risk-neutral declarer also increasing in the share owned."
"Finally, we note that under other market conditions, concurrent bundling by competitors escalates price competition to the extent that retaining customers through bundling is not profitable."
"The paper presents a simple procedure for interpolating, smoothing, and predicting in seasonal time series with missing observations."
"In this article, a testing procedure is suggested for comparing historical time series records against responses generated by a simulation model."
"The analysis of asymmetry and orthogonality."
"Kahneman and Tversky's Prospect Theory (Kahneman, D., A. Tversky."
"We analyze the value created by a dynamic integrated risk management strategy involving liquidity management, derivatives hedging, and operating flexibility, in the presence of several frictions."
"Exploring a real-life data set from a leading supermarket chain, we identify several distinctive challenges faced by such a retailer that have not been jointly studied in the literature: the retailer does not have perfect information on (1) the demand-price relationship, (2) the demand noise distribution, (3) the inventory perishability rate, and (4) how the demand-price relationship changes over time."
"The results elucidate anomalous decisions in which people exhibit disloyalty aversion, forgoing personal rewards that would conflict with their loyalties and commitments to others, beliefs, and ideals."
"Third, we show that the certainty equivalent loss from using the average tax basis instead of the exact basis is very small: it is typically less than 1% for problems with up to 10 periods, and this result is robust to the choice of parameter values and to the presence of transaction costs, dividends, intermediate consumption, labor income, tax reset provision at death, and wash-sale constraints."
"Models of decision making aim to predict decisions across a wide range of possible stimuli, but practical limitations force experimenters to select only a handful of them for actual testing."
"A Bayesian technique called Multiple Model Adaptive Estimation (MMAE) is applied to compute a time varying estimate of the output's steady-state mean."
"For Just-In-Time (JIT) production systems, which require producing only the necessary products in the necessary quantities at the necessary times, the objective is to keep a constant rate of usage of all parts used by the line."
"We characterize the optimal dynamic schedule in a simplified setting that incorporates stochastic break durations and advertisement lengths of 15 and 30 seconds."
"Moreover, contrary to the usual belief that such sales are purely mechanisms for disposal of unused capacity, we show that opaque selling becomes more preferred over direct last-minute selling as the probability of having high demand increases."
"Management Sci.22 1097–1104.)."
"With respect to the original system of inequalities, duality gaps may be closed by adjoining additional linear inequalities to the original system."
"This paper is concerned with the profession of operations research and specifically with the preparation for the profession."
"These magnitudes are economically significant and pervasive across industries and over time."
"Established firms choose an investment timing and capacity level to maximize expected profits, whereas start-ups make those choices to maximize the probability of survival."
"We find that a 1 percentage point increase in capital requirements reduces lending by 2.3%–4.5%."
"The procedure is illustrated in the context of an advertising budget decision in which the functional form of sales response to advertising is unknown."
"Surprisingly, we find that a simple greedy algorithm can be rate optimal (achieves asymptotically optimal regret) if there is sufficient randomness in the observed contexts (covariates)."
"Section 4 illustrates the committee decision problem by a very simple example of measures of central tendency, the solution of which suggests a method for solving the general problem."
"We test these hypotheses using a simulated stock market in which participants can learn from experience and have incentives for accuracy."
"However, ties to influential organization resistors to change work only for small changes."
"Furthermore, innovations in EPU earn a significant negative risk premium in the Fama–French 25 size–momentum portfolios."
"It utilizes a dialectical formulation [Churchman, C. W. 1966."
"We develop a model that allows for differential warm glow depending on the form of the donation."
"The variation from the classic game theoretic problem is that the contestants can communicate their intentions, even if they might be dishonest."
"We use the adoption of electronic shelf labels (ESLs) by an international grocery retailer in 2015 to identify the effects of physical menu costs (i.e., labor and material costs of price adjustment) on retail performance."
"Some results are also known, given special salvaging assumptions, about lower bounds on the optimal policy which are near-myopic."
"Theory and limited empirical evidence suggests a firm with this reputation should deter competitive attacks against it."
"The evidence can help inform researchers about which elicitation methods to include in their surveys."
"This paper presents a general model to assess the impact of data and process quality upon the outputs of multi-user information-decision systems."
"A feature of the system is the use of the Multi-List technique which stores an addressing index in the form of trees that provide access to the main file."
"We find that these two situations yield contrasting buyback designs: the manufacturer must distort the wholesale and returns prices downward to signal higher reliability, but upward to signal higher market potential."
"Each type of customer can be serviced using different actions, each of which stochastically consumes some combination of resources and returns different rewards for the resources consumed."
"These managers bargain with each other before arriving at compromise decisions regarding price and quality."
"Second, despite the prevailing intuition that ARC generally dominates PLC, we show that both farmers and consumers may be better off under PLC for a large range of parameter values, even when the reference price represents the historical average market price."
"The study indicates that the deterrence-reputation link is more complex than previous theory and evidence might imply, and suggests considerable promise for a psychological approach to examining competitive interactions."
"W. Ross Ashby."
"Here a goal programming/constrained regression, as developed in the Management Science literature, uses the same functional form and the same data but nevertheless reverses the main findings of the econometric studies in every one of the 20 years covered."
"We present a simulation-based analytic center cutting-plane method to solve a sample average approximation of the problem."
"Optimal policy for dynamic inventory process with stochastic demands subject to seasonal variations."
"In this setting, we construct a viable contract that aligns the incentives of the contracting parties and produces the same equilibrium outcome as in in-house development."
"But if we adopt a small number of additional rationality postulates we obtain determinate solutions for all known classes of games."
"The analyses reveal that fast (slow) announcements of firms’ reactions increase (decrease) firm value by 2.10% (−1.88%) over the next four trading weeks."
"This problem is examined under alternative assumptions concerning the facility capacities."
"The authors examine the effect of recurring stale information releases on U.S. stock and Treasury futures prices."
"We contribute to the literature on corporate decision making by showing how state income taxation affects a real corporate decision that has significant economic consequences for the company and the state."
"A driver who needs to fill his rank sees the queue situation at the first station but not at the second one."
"The insight for management: Expected utility theory may not adequately capture risk attitudes, and an explicit depiction of risk attitudes is required to capture this complexity."
"Most analyses of decision making define decision as choosing from among alternative courses of action."
"First, most people in real situations attempt to behave in accord with the most basic rationality principles, even though they are likely to fail in more complex situations."
"Value-at-risk (VaR) methods are used by regulators for evaluating such investments, but problems involving VaR are often computationally intractable and require complete information about the return distribution of the portfolio constituents, which is rarely available in practice."
"This paper presents evidence on the sources of error in estimating required returns over time."
"Using a data set tracking customers of a North American specialty retail brand, we present empirical evidence that monitoring products online is associated with successfully obtaining discounts."
"Comparative evaluation of performance, whether of personnel, products, or projects, may be necessary for purposes of selection, assignment, or improvement."
"We show that variation in the potential for interdependency in activities among industries is able to explain varying levels of shakeout as well as differing patterns of entry and exit among industries."
"By incorporating an endogenous informed trading into an optimal incentive contracting model, we analytically show that, apart from reducing incentives, a greater risk increases the level of information-based trading, which consequently enhances executive incentives and offsets the negative risk–incentive relation."
"The supplier uses demand information to better plan for a capacity investment decision."
"How does a firm decide whether to employ professionals and control how they deliver services to clients, or to operate as a platform enabling independent professionals to provide services directly to clients?"
"We examine judgment in censored environments where a constraint, the censorship point, systematically distorts the observed sample."
"Control 25(10):1585–1594] to characterize the optimal hiring and retention policy."
"Some special cases of the model are developed and extensions indicated."
"Random demand occurs at each retailer, and the supplier replenishes all the retailers."
"We elicit risk vulnerability by observing each subject's portfolio choice in two different contexts that differ only by the presence or absence of an actuarially neutral background risk."
"The primes are more effective when they highlight a facet of the potential donor’s identity that we hypothesize to be more relevant to his sense of self: priming identity as a previous donor is more effective for more regular donors and priming identity as a local community member is more effective for people in smaller communities."
"Through an extensive survey in the food and consumer packaged goods industry, we empirically examine this framework."
"Five assumptions commonly made by designers of management information systems are identified."
"We call this approach product archaeology."
"This ability has been viewed as the “holy grail” of innovation research for a century."
"As investors, customers enter into a principal–agent relationship with entrepreneurs."
"A number of recent papers have examined the environmental and genetic sources of individual differences in economic and financial decision making."
"I study responses to this disruption among firms in the economically important machinery and equipment industry."
"Combining supermarket scanner data with firm-level financial data, we find evidence that differs from prior literature."
"We estimate the demand and competitive interaction parameters, as well as the production and advertising cost functions for each firm."
"Incumbent cable systems also upgrade faster in response to municipal entry threats than to the threat of a private company entering the market."
"We test a theoretical prediction that people prefer to get information “clumped together” rather than piecewise."
"Our procedure is justified via the Johnson–Lindenstrauss lemma—the pairwise distances between data points are preserved through random projections."
"This paper identifies two roles of TCI: the (cash flow) smoothing role (smoothing the supplier’s cash flows) and the monitoring role (tracking the buyer’s continued creditworthiness after contracting, which enables the supplier to make efficient operational decisions regarding whether to ship goods to the credit buyer)."
"A model is defined wherein corrective action may be accounted for in improving the estimation of reliability over the usual nominal success ratio."
"Thus when the above-described conditions hold, being cloned can be more profitable for an innovating firm than dominating the market alone."
"In view of the interest aroused by the contrasting positions taken, the Editor asked each author to submit his paper for publication in Management Science along with comments on the other's paper."
"For such a decision maker, the elicitation of preferences among objective gambles may not yield the correct measure of risk aversion for modeling real-world decisions."
"A model is built which corrects certain errors in Parkinson's law and Keynes theory."
"When a point close to the minimum of the potential function is reached, a corresponding point in the dual space is constructed, which is close to the analytic center of a polytope containing the solution set of the nondifferentiable optimization problem."
"We show that the buyer’s optimal dynamic auditing policy has two subphases: the buyer will first audit and drop some suppliers before either auditing and rectifying all remaining suppliers or halting auditing altogether."
"In addition, this paper provides a framework to quantify the option value of time for a strategic investment decision under the dynamic evolutions of asymmetric forecasts."
"We model the interaction between buyer and supplier as a repeated game in which the partnership can be terminated by the buyer if the supplier refuses to pay penalties for quality violations."
"failure"
"This rule, the Transportation Time Look Ahead policy, is justified theoretically by showing that the rule is optimal for a modified model."
"In four studies, we find evidence of systematic inaccuracy: predictions of others’ choices are too regressive."
"We further show how exogenous constraints suggested by theory, such as monotonicity of price response, can be accommodated."
"Econometric tests show the rule explains the subjects' behavior well."
"This paper provides a brief review of several areas of operational difficulty with the AHP, and then focuses on the arbitrary rankings that occur when the principle of hierarchic composition is assumed."
"We investigate the factors that affect the growth of Groupon, the leading online daily deals platform."
"The results show that institutional legitimacy adds to economic explanations for the survival of new franchisors and suggests the importance of a properly socialized explanation."
"We measure performance by analyzing the price trajectory induced by this misspecified model and quantifying the magnitude of revenue losses (as a function of the time horizon) relative to an oracle that knows the true underlying demand curve."
"It is shown that this feature makes the new organization even more efficient."
"In this setup, start-up firms emerge when the established firm is generating many innovations or is selective because the option value of waiting is high, or both."
"Finally, in line with previous findings, women are less likely to lie when it is costly to the other side."
"The MAPS Design Technology (Multivariate Analysis, Participation, and Structure) thus answers the question, “Who is ‘best suited’ as a group to work on which set of ideas and issues?”"
"We propose an effective branch-and-cut approach for solving single-product ASDPs, adapting inequalities known to be valid for embedded line balancing structures to form inequalities that are valid for the ASDP."
"They are then compared with each other and with a rule of thumb frequently proposed for replacement policy: Replace at the mean time to failure."
"The test eliminates actions for one or more stages after which they may re-enter the set of possibly optimal actions, but as convergence proceeds such re-entries cease."
"failure"
"We propose a new measure for housing sentiment and show that it accurately tracks expectations of future house price growth rates."
"Second, repeated relationships and trust play a major role in supply chain governance."
"We conduct laboratory experiments on variants of market scoring rule prediction markets, under different information distribution patterns, to evaluate the efficiency and speed of information aggregation, as well as test recent theoretical results on manipulative behavior by traders."
"In particular, efficient signaling entails that the returns price is used to distort the manufacturer’s returns cost, whereas the wholesale price is used only to mitigate the resulting distortion in the retailer’s order quantity."
"A simple production control policy is analyzed: When the amount of work-in-process inventory plus finished goods inventory for a particular product falls below a base stock level, then release another unit of that product onto the shop floor."
"Jia and Dyer [Jia, J., J. S. Dyer."
"We examined whether people reduce the impact of negative outcomes through emotional hedging—betting against the occurrence of desired outcomes."
"Focusing on survival during the first seven days following admission, we estimate a mortality tipping point at an occupancy level of 92.5%."
"The concluding section discusses how the new method might be incorporated in procedures for capacity planning."
"We show that the new estimators have some desirable properties: they are asymptotically unbiased and have low asymptotic variance."
"The bias causes individuals to make costly decisions and behave in an overly risk-averse manner."
"The merit includes the benefits less costs of establishing and operating the activities in the zones plus the benefits less costs of interactions between activities along paths between zones."
"Participants readily accepted hedges and pure gambles with no diagnostic costs."
"These abilities require different mixtures of behavioral and quantitative sensitivities."
"For linear objectives the weak duality theorem fails, duality gaps exist, complementary slackness is not a sufficient condition for optimality, and the total reward may diverge."
"In particular, we show that the no transaction region narrows and converges rapidly to the infinite horizon limit as the time horizon increases."
"We analyze the competitive capacity investment timing decisions of both established firms and start-ups entering new markets, which have a high degree of demand uncertainty."
"Qualitative and quantitative information is merged to provide a more complete analysis and efficient estimates of the allocation weights."
"The paper develops a new and more efficient way of using simulation to calculate the variance-covariance elements required as input to Markowitz-type models; this new procedure makes no further demands on the decision maker than do other simulation models that have been suggested."
"The authors examine three payment schemes that can be interpreted as the newsvendor's order being financed by the newsvendor herself (scheme O), by the supplier through delayed order payment (scheme S), and by the customer through advanced revenue (scheme C)."
"Motivated by a planning horizon result for continuous time Markov decision chains, we study decision rules, called preferred, which may be used in the initially stationary part of nearly optimal policies."
"The supplier, in turn, allocates his resource (e.g., engineering hours) to produce the finished product."
"Network scheduling models typically assume that estimates of individual activities are stable and are not improved or degraded as progress is made in a project and the time to undertake a particular activity comes near."
"This note compares the optimal order quantities determined by minimizing the average annual cost and by minimizing the discounted cost over all future time for the simplest imaginable type of inventory model in which the demand rate is assumed to be deterministic and no stockouts are allowed."
"A region of instability in the solution space is defined; this region should be avoided."
"The manufacturer has a private forecast about the likelihood of the product release and/or about the demand, which he shares (either truthfully or not) with the retailer."
"A mathematical model is presented, both in a general form and in an exponential form, which relates an individual's risk attitude in health to three effects—a quantity effect, a gambling effect and a time preference effect."
"38–43.],"
"In a previous article [Fiacco, A. V., G. P. McCormick."
"The conclusion from this analysis is that file sharing appears to have caused the entire decline in record sales and appears to have vitiated what otherwise would have been growth in the industry."
"A social planner can mitigate these effects in two ways: (i) by providing the full reference distribution of outputs instead of an aggregate reference point based on the average output and (ii) by assigning players into uniform rather than diverse reference groups."
"The author of the work “Mathematical Methods of Organizing and Planning Production”, Professor L. V. Kantorovich, is an eminent authority in the field of mathematics."
"The authors find that risk-averse behaviors in bidders drives lower purchase prices in markets with incomplete information in markets that are highly competitive."
"This has heightened consumers' privacy concerns, leading governments to pass laws designed to protect consumer privacy by restricting the use of data and by restricting online tracking techniques used by websites."
"In this study we can distinguish whether one mechanism—statistical discrimination—is a primary explanation for racial disparities in physicians' treatment of patients."
"If x dollars are invested in building a component, then this component will function with probability P(x)."
"Using instrumental variable regressions, difference-in-differences analyses, and matching methods, we find the shock changed the way people vote in the affected areas, with the demutualizations being followed by a 1.7–2.7-percentage-point increase in right-of-center vote share."
"Under quadratic cost functions, we provide a set of conditions that determine whether to give priority to one type over the other or not to give priority but serve them according to first-come, first-served (FCFS)."
"This paper presents evidence that the willingness to punish an unfair action is sensitive to whether this action was preceded by a deceptive message."
"A Pareto-superior equilibrium, however, suggests that partners in cross-function alliances may invest more in their alliances than those in same-function alliances."
"When lawyers cannot contact clients by mail, advertising prices per click for search engine advertisements are 5%–7% higher."
"A standard measure of risk and risk-value models."
"However, if managers cannot be incented contractually, private ownership is thought to be the primary organizational substitute."
"For such equilibria to exist, the worker–firm match must be important, suggesting that this practice takes place only in human-capital-intensive industries."
"In particular, the applicability of statistical sampling techniques was evaluated."
"If the scheduled activities have random completion times, the probability distribution of the time to complete the entire task is found by integrating over the contours of the polyhedron."
"It is a form of rebate given by the manufacturer to the retailer for units unsold at the retailer when the price drops during the product life cycle."
"However, ranking feedback also favors disreputable behavior."
"Improvements to the paper Gutjahr, A. L., G. L. Nemhauser."
"1975."
"Further, with a view to accelerating convergence we suggest two variants of the solution procedure."
"Second, we identify product/market conditions under which the seller benefits from facilitating such buyer-created information (e.g., by allowing consumers to post user-based product reviews on the seller's website)."
"The model captures two systematic violations of backward induction in centipede games, limited induction and repetition unraveling."
"Computational results are reported for several large problems."
"If a decision maker has little knowledge with regard to the parameters of interest, he may decide to consult a number of experts and obtain their quantified judgments in the form of subjective probability distributions."
"This paper was accepted by Joshua Gans, business strategy."
"Thus, the model generates the simple prediction that a country's degree of home bias and the expected return of its domestic assets should be inversely related."
"The contribution of IT flexibility to value is greater in the case of collaborative alliances than in arm's-length alliances."
"In particular, the more time a Junior server spends on a task without service completion, the higher her belief that the task is Hard and thus needs to be rerouted to a Senior server."
"A look ahead algorithm is then introduced that outperforms the dispatcher by about 12% with only a small increase in run time."
"Our results reveal that the hospital places more emphasis on the tangible costs of having idle capacity than on the costs of schedule overrun and long working hours for the staff."
"These conditions lead to useful insights into when strict (and fixed) priority policies should be preferred over FCFS and when they should be avoided."
"An approximate cost model for a quality control procedure for two or more related variables is investigated."
"Queueing network models abound in applications, but despite their importance many of the results for these models, both classical and recent, are not well known."
"Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Economics Research Unit, Department of Economics, Wharton School of Finance and Commerce, University of Pennsylvania, 1969, 172 pp."
"Contrary to the popular view that two tight complements will generally have well aligned incentives, we demonstrate that natural conflicts emerge over pricing, the timing of new product releases, and who captures the greatest value at different phases of product generations."
"A key finding here is that inefficient firms may outlast their efficient rivals (cf."
"We also find that general training that an employee can utilize outside the focal firm improves employee performance."
"We demonstrate that it is optimal for firms to offer capacity rewards when the market demand varies from one period to the other."
"Office Beige pour I'Accroissement de la Productivité, Bruxelles, 1961-400 pp and Ch."
"failure"
"The Tactical Decision Problem (TDP) associated with oil spill clean up operations prescribes the time-phased allocation of available components over the planning horizon so that the clean up requirement at each critical time point is met."
"We discuss these findings in relation to the theoretical literature on portfolio choice under ambiguity."
"In this paper we consider a certain aggregate production planning model."
"The method is tested using data from a large southeastern utility."
"Optimal and heuristic solution procedures for the formulated problem are provided, including experimental results of comparison between these procedures."
"is considered and duality theory is developed for it."
"Firms have an incentive to test competitors’ products to reveal violations of safety and environmental standards, in order to have competitors’ products blocked from sale."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"For a single station with arbitrary processing times, this problem is proved NP-hard in the strong sense for each of the two objectives."
"Using survey data from a sample of 120 business process (BP) redesign and related information technology (IT) development projects in healthcare and telecommunications, our results indicate that upstream (BP) rework and downstream (IT) rework is mediated and mitigated by cooperative planning through upstream/downstream strategy coupling and cross-functional involvement."
"Our pricing rule can be used if three conditions hold: the firm can estimate the maximum price it can charge and still expect to sell some units, the firm need not plan in advance the quantity it will sell, and marginal cost is known and constant."
"Finally, we attempt to replicate these findings with a model of contagion characterized by a low infection rate spreading on a scale-free network."
"As expected, we find that sales promotions have a significant positive effect on consumers’ utility and induce consumers to switch to the promoted brand."
"These difficulties are compounded when the portfolio contains derivatives."
"Prentice-Hall, Inc., Englewood Cliffs, N. J.] For example, by providing existence theorems it is possible in many instances to say whether a proposed operation is possible at all; by providing characterization theorems it is possible to identify which variables are important and which are not, and what their relationships must be for optimal operation."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1958."
"The authors find that leasing can be environmentally worse despite remarketing all off-lease products and greener than selling despite the mid-life removal of off-lease products."
"The fact that modern statistical methods have been applied successfully in several instances has had much influence on the interest level of both research workers and industrialists."
"In particular, behaviorally biased investors often underuse or misuse foreign equity securities and experience poor portfolio performance."
"Chicago: Quadrangle Books, 1962, 269 pp.,"
"Through empirical analysis of 169 joint ventures, they find that adoption of open communication standards is associated with the formation of arm's-length alliances and that modularity of IT architecture is associated with the formation of joint ventures."
"A nonlinear Mean Value Analysis queueing network optimization methodology is developed to control bottlenecks and queue lengths as the processing rates are varied."
"For binomial processing and inspection, the joint distribution of the two state variables at each stage is shown to be the product of two nonindependent binomial distributions."
"3) The possible plant locations are known. ("
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Using detailed information on limited partnership agreements between private equity limited and general partners, we find that “GP-friendly” contracts—agreements that pay general partners on a deal-by-deal basis instead of withholding carried interest until a benchmark return has been earned—are associated with higher returns, both gross and net of fees."
"A setting in which customer-owned mutual companies converted to publicly listed firms created a plausibly exogenous increase in stock ownership."
"Management Sci.10(2, January) 335–341."
"In this paper, we consider the problem of selecting the best from a finite set of simulated alternatives, in the presence of such input uncertainty."
"We also discuss targeting customers with price promotions using their online histories and the implications of reducing consumers’ monitoring costs."
"Customers/travelers care about home and destination consumption and about the flight’s quality."
"Suppose a number of honest, intelligent individuals differ in their rankings of a set of possible actions."
"Using results in control theory, the optimal controls are completely characterized."
"ST (sensation-thinking) styles saw the highest risk and were reluctant to adopt the projects, while SF (sensation-feeling) styles were risk tolerant and more likely to adopt the same projects."
"Because the boundaries could not be derived analytically, we developed an efficient and tractable algorithm to obtain the boundaries, which are expressed as the ratio of the dollar holdings in stocks and bonds."
"We provide a complete analysis of the supplier’s decisions when there is a single customer facing uncertain demand."
"This paper was accepted by Hamid Nazerzadeh, big data analytics."
"Demand for the resource at each station is considered to be random."
"The authors find that the optimal search interval shrinks when customer types are more ambiguous a priori, i.e., as the base rate approaches the value at which the agent is indifferent between types."
"Subsequently, we discuss how a likely customer behaviour pattern may be a plausible explanation regarding the use of the clause by the retailers in practice."
"New iterative separable programming techniques based on two-segment, piecewise-linear approximations are described for the minimization of convex separable functions over convex sets."
"Special cases of our model include the single-class and two-class random-yield newsvendor models."
"This paper was accepted by Jerome Detemple, finance."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"Our research demonstrates analytically how shopbot designs can be improved by developing a utility model of consumer purchasing behavior."
"Their proof is restricted to stochastic networks in which the arc time distributions are symmetric about their means."
"As expected, firms with a very high level of product sales are most profitable, and rising services are associated with declining profitability."
"In this paper we compare various efficiency measures by investigating the sets that are termed efficient."
"A unified science of management conceals the self-reflective paradox."
"Management Sci.4 (4, July).)."
"This paper was accepted by Neng Wang, finance."
"We also report several other results confirming the role of pooling abolishment, including (i) that the decrease in full stock payment relates to CEO incentives and (ii) that previously documented determinants of the M&A mode of payment cannot explain the post-pooling abolishment pattern."
"We also compare inventory pooling with several forms of capacity pooling."
"350 and xix."
"While the goals of different decision units may come into conflict, decision units in the model cannot act independently; a coalition is required to resolve a problem."
"Is Leasing Greener Than Selling? ("
"Sixty-three charter members adopted the constitution and by-laws of the society and confirmed the objectives of the Institute: “To identify, extend, and unify scientific knowledge that contributes to the understanding and practice of management.”"
"they present a theorem which proves that negative covariance will be guaranteed, and thus a variance reduction achieved, when estimating the project completion time in PERT networks using antithetic sampling procedures."
"These findings suggest that financial distress risk alters the nature of the agency relationship in ways that lead firms to provide CEOs with more equity-based incentives."
"Management Sci.11 (4) B-69–B-87."
"Under these regimes, the seller need not sacrifice the ex post efficiency upon inducing consumer learning."
"Today, firms employing two distinct survival strategies—(1) innovation and (2) imitation —coexist in the U.S. pharmaceutical industry."
"To combat increased reimbursements by hospitals from Medicare, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services implemented the Recovery Audit Program first as a pilot in six states between 2005 and 2009 and then, nationwide in the entire United States in 2010."
"Our study is motivated by several name-your-own-price retailers that have recently emerged on the Internet."
"The authors also examine the generalizability of the dynamic level-k model by applying it to explain systematic violations of backward induction in sequential bargaining games."
"Using a set of survey data from a transport choice modeling study, we calibrate the random utility model with choice probabilities obtained from the persistency model."
"There have been many claims that the Internet represents a new nearly “frictionless market.”"
"Third, consumers’ ex ante valuation uncertainty may increase or decrease firm profits without BPD, and it weakly increases firm profits with BPD, relative to the inspection good duopoly."
"Prior research has defined performance as the average quality of ideas or the number of ideas generated, ignoring what most organizations seek, a few great ideas."
"Our main results show how the convexity/concavity of the function expressing the costs of delay determines the queue discipline (i.e., shortest-processing-time-first (SPT), longest-processing-time-first (LPT)) arising in a bidding equilibrium."
"This paper concerns lot-sizing in a multistage and multifacility pure distribution network."
"This note also introduces the notion of product relocation cost to the equilibrium analysis, and applies the concept of (full and partial) adjustment processes toward an equilibrium to model various strategic behavior of firms."
"are needed and obtain them, thus tending to eliminate queue time for hot jobs."
"Moreover, the degree of unauthorized subcontracting in the past is highly related to the probability of engaging in unauthorized subcontracting in the future, which suggests that factories behave as if they choose a strategic level of unauthorized subcontracting."
"Investor Inattention and the Market Impact of Summary Statistics (p. 336)Thomas Gilbert, Shimon Kogan, Lars Lochstoer, Ataman OzyildirimCan a little information go a long way?"
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.3004.This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"In many market settings, a customer often obtains assistance from a supplier (or service provider) to make better-informed decisions regarding the supplier’s product (or service)."
"As the form of graduate education differs significantly from one country to another, it might perhaps be useful to the readers of TIMS to point out that in the United Kingdom two main forms of full-time post graduate education are common: (a) Programmes mainly of a “course” content, which may also have some practical project work, but which do not expect proof of research ability from a student (mainly offering Masters degrees). ("
"1959."
"In practice the number of comparisons is much less than indicated bounds because all arcs leading to nodes previously evaluated are deleted from further consideration."
"Implicit in the optimization techniques central to MS/OR is the assumption that makes collective choice equivalent to the optimization of a social preference function."
"If N new samples are drawn from the same distribution, what is the probability that x of them fall “inside” a given filing drawer?"
"They analyze how the fraction of end-product functionalities prepackaged into the subsystem impacts the optimal introduction strategy and the relative value appropriation power across the industries."
"We then conduct counterfactual policy experiments that fully capture the effects of changes in key parameters on the firm's revenues."
"Vice versa, we also show that buyers penalize suppliers that have a history of poor service by providing them with overly inflated forecasts."
"However, at the same time CDS protection decreases asset growth and impedes project initiation."
"Our model assumes that people are more likely to sample popular alternatives than unpopular alternatives."
"Additionally, we find that Internet retailers' price adjustments over time are up to 100 times smaller than conventional retailers' price adjustments—presumably reflecting lower menu costs in Internet channels."
"We analyze the bidding behavior of expectations-based loss-averse bidders in auctions with interdependent values."
"In this model, a set of jobs (i.e., customer orders) are first processed in a processing facility (e.g., manufacturing plant or service center) and then delivered to the customers directly without intermediate inventory."
"We document that debt returns lag equity returns less when debt research coverage exists, which is consistent with debt analysts facilitating the process by which available information is impounded in debt prices."
"The problem of allocation under uncertain demand, when the latter has a continuous distribution function, is treated."
"If the demand pattern conveys continual change in ultimate downstream customer demand (as does an S-shaped demand pattern), the POS information can distract the upstream decision maker from what is perhaps more immediately relevant information, orders placed by the proximate downstream agent and the supply line."
"The benefits of such relationships for both firms and workers are often understood in terms of increased flexibility."
"There is no association between power concentration and company size."
"Our results offer insight into the role of the assistance process in managing supplier assistance effectively and why certain assistance processes may lead to more successful outcomes than others even if the pecuniary incentives remain unaltered."
"Observing that TATT refers to the example set by top management, I model TATT as, ceteris paribus, reflecting the expectation that the chief executive officer (CEO) will not divert organizational resources for personal benefit."
"Editorial about the redesign of Management Science, in effect from the first issue of 1993."
"In contrast, a general class of bounded accumulation models from psychology and neuroscience explicitly relate decision times to stochastic choice behavior."
"This paper was accepted by Noah Gans, stochastic models and simulation."
"This paper was accepted by Lorin Hitt, information systems."
"We show that the problem can be analyzed as an infinite-armed bandit with switching costs, and we apply results from Bergemann and Välimäki [Bergemann D, Välimäki J (2001) Stationary multi-choice bandit problems."
"Some important portfolio selection problems can be expressed in this form, and the problem also arises in economic theory."
"An explicit formula (related to an exponential utility function) is given for the special case of three states of nature."
"Pricing and Hedging with Discontinuous Functions: Quasi–Monte Carlo Methods and Dimension Reduction (p. 376)Xiaoqun Wang, Ken Seng TanWhat modeling approach can be used for pricing and hedging of complex financial instruments?"
"Unfortunately, modeling efforts focusing on resource allocation by specific types of concentrated industries to specific types of R&D activities are almost nonexistent, with the exception of Joglekar and Hamburg (Joglekar, P., M. Hamburg."
"Recent Advances in Mathematical Programming."
"We study the pricing of cardinality bundles, where firms set prices that depend only on the size of the purchased bundle, a practice that is increasingly being adopted by industry."
"We also provide some empirical evidence that supports our main results."
"Two types of regret are possible in this auction format."
"The purpose of this Comment is to clarify the robustness of Kim and Luca’s characterization of the situation and empirical findings, including in particular with respect to the noise and likely bias resulting from the control benchmark for the RCT experiment being based on a degraded version of Google’s OneBox, rather than the actual version."
"The Committee is reviewing individual cases involving allegations of infringement of scientific freedom in the United States and foreign countries, and is also developing materials which address the broader patterns of value conflicts in the areas of professional and social responsibilities, the boundaries of scientific freedom, and science education."
"Understandably it has therefore focused on the finding of areas in business to which the scientist can apply tools and techniques with which he is already familiar, and on the sharpening and development of these tools."
"High expected skewness is also associated with a higher fraction of small-sized trades on the first day of trading, which is consistent with a greater shift in holdings from institutions to individuals."
"This paper was accepted by Jerome Detemple, finance."
"Since probability distributions of these forms, as far as the risk analyst is concerned, are neither tabled nor easily derived, the desired probability intervals are not easily constructed."
"Such investments can slow adoption by acting as a short-run substitute or by creating “switching costs.”"
"As stressed by Artzner et al. ("
"Second, conglomerates’ access to internal capital markets became more valuable, not just because external capital markets became more costly but also because the efficiency of internal capital allocation increased significantly during the crisis."
"Such methods, if they are to be effective, must be capable of tracing out the implications of these changes on the day to day operation and appraising the results in the light of the long-run objectives of the railroad."
"Further, when security returns are lognormally distributed and “small risk,” this new mean lower partial moment valuation specializes to the mean-logarithmic variance capital asset pricing model."
"One of the key purposes of this paper is to suggest how the literature of mythology and the phenomenon of story-telling can be used in the design of MMIS if not for information systems in general."
"Electronic commerce has the potential to reduce these frictions by increasing price visibility and lowering transaction costs."
"Yet there is no effect on ER readmissions, a severe outcome of delayed or foregone follow-up, indicating that providers ration by priority these follow-up appointments."
"We examine the decomposition method for such systems and show that it provides estimates of key parameters with an accuracy that is not acceptable in many practical settings."
"The properties of this class render it both empirically plausible and highly attractive analytically: among them are monotonicity, strict concavity, and decreasing risk aversion; moreover, the optimal mix of risky assets is independent of initial wealth (providing a basis for the formation of mutual funds) and the optimal investment policy is myopic."
"The basic idea is to align the discontinuities with the coordinate axes by a judicious design of a method for simulating the underlying processes."
"Firms choose strategies based on their attributes and industry conditions; therefore, strategy choice is endogenous and self-selected."
"Our stochastic cost function for IT development projects incorporates the technical and input cost uncertainties of Pindyck's model (1993), but also considers the fact that the investment costs of some IT projects might change even if no investment takes place."
"We also design contractual arrangements between the parties that allow the decentralized chain to perform as well as a centralized one."
"Organizations which attempt to solve these problems will find that many of their goals compete with or facilitate the goals of other organizations."
"We first show, via a fixed-point argument, that there always exists a “clearing payment vector” that clears the obligations of the members of the clearing system; under mild regularity conditions, this clearing vector is unique."
"That is, the probabilities of detecting an increase (decrease) in skewness from one time period to another when in fact there is no change are inflated."
"In contrast to previous literature, I treat the inputs to these mechanisms, namely the priority distribution of agents and quotas of items, as parameters to be optimized."
"More generally, differences in price delegation behavior across firm types serve as an indicator that monitoring costs and employee skills are important drivers of bargaining behavior."
"The problem of scheduling the jobs over the summer construction period to meet these conditions is formulated as a mixed-integer linear programming problem which is solved by a branch-and-bound algorithm."
"Book Reviews—Decision-Making, An Annotated Bibliography."
"The Communication from Rodrick and Deborah Wallace repeats allegations that they have made in print [Wallace, D. 1977."
"The models are based on the interactions with marketers, observation of firms’ message placements on social media, and model parameters estimated via empirical analysis performed on data from Twitter."
"J. Accounting Econom."
"Productivity is, however, adversely affected when the production facility is faced with extensive within-product buyer-specific customizations."
"Moreover, when goal programming estimates and regression estimates based on the same data and similar cost function specifications are compared, they yield similar estimates and produce the same inference about natural monopoly."
"Management Sci.31 (March) 369–373.)"
"We also report suggestive evidence in favor of a shared genetic architecture between cognitive reflection and a subset of the studied anomalies."
"A scheduling procedure is proposed for the static job shop problem with job due dates and overtime capability."
"Subjective expected utility is dynamically consistent and non-expected-utility decision rules, such as minmax, are not."
"Measurement methods are presented which can be used in a given situation to determine which effects are operating, in what directions and with what magnitudes."
"In particular, the rationing level for each class is determined by a critical value that depends on the resource imbalance level, defined as the net difference between the production capacity and component inventory levels."
"They combine supermarket scanner data with firm-level financial data and find that soup manufacturers roughly double the frequency and change the mix of marketing promotions (price discounts, feature advertisements, and aisle displays) at the fiscal quarter-end when they have greater incentive to boost earnings."
"The main improvement of prospect theory over expected utility was in comparisons between a riskless and a risky prospect (riskless-risk methods)."
"However, supplementing outcome-based pricing with a transfer payment from firm to payer can make payer and firm (but not necessarily the patients) better off than under uniform pricing when the drug has a low chance of success."
"Using data on joint venture adoption from one homogeneous industry (information technology) sector and employing both linear and nonlinear estimations, we test the explanatory power of the internal-influence model in comparison with a competing model of external-influence."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"For this issue, I am pleased to demonstrate that something is being done to measure the effectiveness of sales promotion efforts."
"Instead, if they can collect early offers at no cost before deciding on the timing of sale, there are too many early acquisitions."
"Such models also provide a conceptual framework for characterizing commonalities and differences between engineering and manufacturing operations."
"In this paper we analyze a decentralized dealer network in which each independent dealer is given the flexibility to share his inventory."
"It has as its purpose reducing the size of the message while at the same time faithfully reproducing its meaning."
"For a large class of demand models, we show that this procedure is strongly consistent, which means that eventually the value of the optimal price will be learned, and derive upper bounds on the regret, which is the expected amount of money lost due to not using the optimal price."
"These models are then reconciled to produce the final forecasts by setting certain parameters as a function of the number, extent, and duration of pattern changes that have occurred in the past."
"We show that the equilibrium prices are greater and research and development (R&D) investments lower relative to when price announcements cannot be used strategically."
"Then, this model is extended to describe the effect of batch withdrawals as a renewal process."
"By making some assumptions about the pattern of demands and the form of a reasonable solution, the problem can be approached by using dynamic programming thus finding the shortest route through a network."
"These findings have implications on how to combat Medicare reimbursements paid by taxpayer dollars with the Recovery Audit Program and how this information technology (IT) audit can prevent the misuse of information systems to create artificial business value of IT by hospitals."
"Using the 1994 Carnegie Mellon survey on industrial research and development (R&D) in the United States, we develop and test a simple structural model in which the patenting and licensing decisions are jointly determined."
"Next, we introduce the notion of mean variance vulnerability to link the concepts of decreasing absolute risk aversion, risk vulnerability, properness, and standardness."
"This paper (1) examines the extent to which information sources and communication channels facilitate the diffusion of data base design tools and techniques, (2) studies how different information sources and communication channels influence diffusion and (3) assesses whether data base design tools and techniques applicable to the different stages of system development are diffused at different rates."
"In this paper the problem of balance delay is treated empirically and analytically."
"This paper was accepted by Brian Bushee, accounting."
"Our findings illustrate that inclusion of early discharge option improves system accessibility significantly and does not jeopardize care equity among patients."
"Book Reviews—Davis, Morton D., Game Theory, A Nontechnical Introduction."
"Though these tournaments are common, little research has empirically looked at the interface of organizational structure and tournament design."
"are general in the sense that it is possible to solve almost any problem that is solvable in machine language using them."
"The calculations may be readily performed by hand or by an automatic digital computing machine."
"provided a critique of specific topics regarding DSS design in order to make it more effective in an operating environment."
"failure"
"The insight for management: Availability contingency clauses on price guarantees sound like a safeguard for retailers, but, in fact, they reduce prices and increase inventory availability competition, making retailers worse off and consumers better off."
"Recently, Mulvey and Crowder (Mulvey, J., H. Crowder."
"We provide bounds on the performance of the approximations for single and multiple machine stations."
"We also propose an algorithm for solving the problem where the decision maker can submit multiple entries to the DFS contest."
"We argue that contracts establish the norms of a relationship and that individuals incur disutility when deviating from these norms."
"In this framework, several commonly accepted factors appear not to influence commercialization."
"This work focuses on the business-to-business interaction between a service requester and a service provider in a healthcare environment."
"Computational experience is provided."
"In this paper we propose an approach to synthesis based on Bayesian hierarchical models, and apply it to the problem of determining physician staffing at medical centers operated by the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs (VA).Our starting point is the supra-Bayesian approach to synthesis, whose principal motivation in the present context is to generate an estimate of the uncertainty associated with a panel's evaluation of the number of physicians required under specified conditions."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"A random number generator is used to yield the statistical sample."
"Agents have private, multidimensional utilities over services, drawn from commonly known priors."
"A pull contract also has a single wholesale price, but the supplier bears the supply chain's inventory risk because only the supplier holds inventory while the retailer replenishes as needed during the season. ("
"This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"Baker SR, Bloom N, Davis SJ (2013) Measuring economic policy uncertainty."
"The model is based on verbal definitions presently used in the social sciences to describe an individual's power or influence within a group of individuals."
"The optimal policy if future river flow is known is also indicated."
"When individuals select into earning money for a charity and thus likely place a higher value on those earnings, targeting behavior is muted and no longer generates a negative effort response to higher wages."
"Furthermore, complementarity is strongest when customers are very strategic."
"Our results offer direct and clear guidance for sharing-economy platforms to reduce discrimination."
"Finally, we demonstrate on both data from the CPG company and synthetic data from the literature that our simple price and assortment calendars are effective."
"Within each type, management actions such as time spent planning and assembling resources together with task and relationship oriented behaviors were evaluated for differences between high and low performing projects within each structural type and across types in order to identify those which enhance effective performance."
"A mixed binary integer linear program is formulated to determine the economic development of marginal groundwater sources at local demand sites in an arid region."
"Second, it is shown that in the non-integer year case both the conclusions of previous writers and the conventional heuristics of the market may be erroneous, whereas the general solution techniques developed in this paper remain valid."
"A talk on “industrial applications of linear programming” must be altered to suit these circumstances."
"We formulate an optimization problem that accurately describes the DFS problem for a risk-neutral decision maker in both double-up and top-heavy payoff settings."
"for use in the evaluation of supervisory performance, diagnosis, on-the-job coaching, and as a device for conference discussions during training and selection of supervisors."
"This is a progress report on the Air Force use of scientific procedures in programming and planning."
"In particular, one such example is that of the grand coalition—which we show to be stable in the farsighted sense—even though players benefit myopically by defecting from it."
"This paper was accepted by Lauren Cohen, finance."
"The crops are modeled in sequences to minimize the detrimental effects of cotton."
"This paper discusses some current issues in the combination of probabilities and serves as an introduction to a series of four papers and a rejoinder relating to a paper by Morris (Morris, P. A. 1983."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"In addition, subjects overestimate the performance of the merged firm and attribute the decrease in performance to members of the other firm rather than to situational difficulties created by conflicting culture."
"This paper will outline the growth and the current state of important areas of Advertising Research in relation to their involvement with Operations Research and Management Science."
"In part II, we study the stationary, infinite horizon version of the multiple set-up cost problem."
"We first demonstrate that the negative relation between dispersion and returns is concentrated around earnings announcements."
"Many important managerial decisions occur in censored environments, such as inventory, risk taking, and employee evaluation decisions."
"Solely sharing information on either inventory levels or customer needs is associated with higher manufacturer performance measures up to a certain point; sharing this information is prevalent among manufacturers that achieve industry-average profitability relative to those that achieve below industry-average profitability."
"With a motive of providing concrete strategic directions to online auctioneers, we derive an absolute upper bound for the bid increment."
"Utilizing a cyclic queue system, this paper investigates the effect of variance on a multi-item production facility."
"Typically, resources are optimally allocated such that slack exists in other states."
"These changes in behavior are not associated with short-run increases in customer profitability, but customers who adopt online banking have a lower propensity to leave the bank."
"Duchin R, Matsusaka J, Ozbas O (2010) When are outside directors effective?"
"We show that the possibility of work-arounds can provide the social planner with more leverage, and hence the social planner shrinks the protected period."
"Based on the number of customers, driving speed of the vehicle, walking speed of the delivery person, and the time for loading packages, we characterize the optimal solution to the autonomous case on a solid rectangular grid of customers, showing the optimal solution can be found in polynomial time."
"The~aggressive acts of each of the opponents stimulate aggressive counter acts of the other."
"In this paper, we develop a simple model that captures the costs and benefits associated with this redesign strategy."
"If this ratio is low, ride sharing is offered as a peer-to-peer (P2P) service, and if this ratio is high, ride sharing is offered as a business-to-customer (B2C) service."
"We propose a new data perturbation method for numerical database security problems based on skew-t distributions."
"The scheduling algorithm is sought which minimizes the average rate of expected loss over infinite time."
"The results confirm that estimates from models that do not account for self-selection of strategy choice can lead to incorrect or misleading conclusions."
"The conceptual framework also lends itself to several integer programming models which may be used to address the variety of sales resource allocation decisions faced by every sales organization."
"We propose an approach to match returning donors to fundraising campaigns on philanthropic crowdfunding platforms."
"to support logistics decisions, emphasising general strengths and limitations to their proposed system, and to recommend some constructive ideas to overcome some of the current DSS weaknesses."
"Pursuing that issue, we explore a method for estimating the chance that a plane on final approach during instrument flight conditions will “blunder” in a way that could imperil nearby aircraft."
"Collecting data to discriminate between models of risky choice requires careful selection of decision stimuli."
"Besides the well-known problem parameters we employ additionally three parameters which control the generation of partially renewable resources."
"It is suggested here that the model is based on a number of significant conceptual simplifications."
"We find that this bias strictly decreases firms’ profits when investors do not have an abandonment option, but different results emerge when we allow the investors to divest in the interim."
"Our method obtains policies that (1) outperform state-of-the-art noninterpretable methods, based on simulation regression and martingale duality, and (2) possess a remarkably simple and intuitive structure."
"Only transportation-type problems and models will be discussed in any detail."
"Since the two bounds are not far apart, they may be helpful in practical scheduling problems."
"On the other hand, although domain and technical training both enhance employee performance individually, the interaction between the two suggests a substitutive relationship."
"This problem is not limited to returns policies but is shown to hold for a much larger set of contracts."
"Critical Ratio scheduling has been implemented in job shops that manufacture component parts for stock replenishment as well as direct customer orders."
"This allows platforms to increase their ad intensity on those that do not use the ad blockers and achieve higher returns than in a world without ad blockers."
"Consequently, they do not generate the positive “word-of-mouth” that is typically assumed in the Bass model, leading to significant changes in the new product diffusion dynamics."
"This paper describes a procedure of adapting single-model line balancing techniques to mixed-model schedules."
"The theory of Markov processes is used to evaluate the effectiveness of the sampling plans and replacement policy."
"The postwar prophets of gloom, who prognosticated postwar collapse and stagnation as in the Great Depression of the 1930s have long since been routed."
"The improved myopic procedure of Graves and Schwarz performs very well for some particular types of structures."
"Res.16 150–173.)."
"In particular, we focus on how different contracts can coordinate by yielding the system-optimal capacity decision by the vendor and consider how profits are allocated between the client and the vendor."
"In this paper, we investigate project selection choices of duopolists facing two alternatives: undertaking a “pioneering” type project (Type A) aimed to develop a highly innovative product, or an “incremental innovation” type project (Type B) aimed to develop a less innovative product such as the modification of an existing product."
"These ideas have been implemented in a system called IFPS/OPTIMUM, which provides an optimization capability to users of the widely-used planning language IFPS."
"Analyses of longitudinal data from 68 multimethod case studies of organizational change initiatives conducted at the National Health Service in the United Kingdom support these predictions and advance a relational view of organizational change in which social networks operate as tools of political influence through affective mechanisms."
"Also as predicted, the procurer pays less when employing an Incomplete Information Revelation Policy only when the market is highly competitive."
"Overall, these results suggest that tying has the potential to facilitate entry in complementary markets even when the tied product is of worse quality than competitors."
"The value of contracting on internal failure alone is unaffected by the architecture design, while that of external failure declines relative to the separable setting; the net result is often to make the former the uniformly dominant performance metric."
"Consider a finite-state Markov chain where the transition probabilities differ by orders of magnitude."
"We show that the interplay between a manager's incentives from her compensation structure and career concerns leads to a nonmonotonic (approximately U-shaped) relation between her risk choices and prior performance relative to her peers."
"Approximately 120 self-selecting participants from all branches and levels of the Bureau (from secretaries to division heads to the Director) were first given the explicit instruction to think as freely as they could about the year 2000 (i.e., not to be hampered by current constraints in the internal or external environment) and to write out a scenario indicating what for them the Bureau should be like in the year 2000."
"In many settings, firms rely on independent contractors, or freelancers, for the provision of certain services."
"We examine venture financing as a staged selection process in which two sequential selection events systematically winnow the population of ventures and influence which ventures receive financing."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"First, we develop a model of the firm's flexible manufacturing investment decision that conceptually captures some of the key characteristics of this complex decision problem."
"Incorporation of marketing strategy in production planning can reduce overall costs and significantly increase profits."
"Similar results are obtained if there is a time-lag in delivery."
"We consider distribution systems with a depot and many geographically dispersed retailers each of which faces external demands occurring at constant, deterministic but retailer specific rates."
"Management Sci.7 (2, January) 167–178.]."
"Narrowly viewed, it provides a basis for the calculation of optimal operations plans."
"A conceptually new first-cut decision-aid for optimal delegation is introduced."
"In accordance with general principles of communication which recent research has spelled out, we will demonstrate a system which appears to concentrate on providing a high probability of (1) aiding members of the group in making right decisions; (2) providing a basis for rational behavior; (3) leaving room for individual group members to make their own decisions."
"Each retailer places her orders to the supplier according to the well-known (Q,R) policy."
"Recent evidence suggests the connection between quality improvement and financial results may be weak."
"In response to question 2, we show (1) that for offices of a fixed size, the allocation of workers that maximizes throughput also maximizes equity, and (2) that across offices of different sizes, throughput per worker is not monotonicly related to equity."
"This research was undertaken to investigate the application of complex information processing techniques (as used in producing the Chess Machine and Logic Theorist) to a typical industrial problem."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"Similar arguments pertain to the 1/*/A/G/SI-DLSP, too."
"We also examine the development of relationships over a five-year period and consider whether movement across the stages in accordance with DSO’s theory has the same association to overall performance evaluations as movement through regressive patterns."
"Its purpose resides in the scientific detection of the best and economically optimal strategy to be used in prospecting for metal deposits in the Sahara."
"These difficulties are compounded when the portfolio contains derivatives."
"The first research projects dealt with are aggregate production and employment scheduling."
"It is shown that even though the entering firm is able to charge the optimal licensing fee, foreign direct investment generates the highest profit and is thus the dominant entry strategy in many contexts."
"The latter effect is driven by people’s tendency to consider the whole or gestalt of the prototype when generating aesthetic ideas."
"This paper pursues that interest, where it concerns sequencing and packing problems."
"New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1957."
"Organizing Contests for Status: The Matthew Effect vs. the Mark Effect (p. 439)Matthew S. Bothner, Joel M. Podolny, Edward Bishop SmithWhat is the best way to design tournaments for status, in which individuals labor primarily for the esteem of their peers?"
"From this test, we concluded that the statistical procedure given in the prior article is valid, and produces reliable estimates of mean shortages and overages per period."
"We strengthen this result for linear optimization problems and two natural policy classes, the first inspired by the empirical Bayes literature and the second by regularization techniques."
"A method is proposed for obtaining and quantitatively evaluating verbal judgments in which each analyst uses a limited vocabulary that he or she has individually selected and scaled."
"We address the problem of designing appointment scheduling strategies in a stochastic environment accounting for patient no-shows, nonpunctuality, general stochastic service times, and unscheduled emergency walk-ins."
"New requests for bookings of elective surgery arrive each day."
"The new methods are applied to six published series, and their performance is analyzed via four error measures with respect to changes in the smoothing parameters."
"A cost sensitivity analysis reveals the large potential savings from using the suggested EPQ model instead of the conventional ELQ model in multi-stage production systems."
"This reversal suggests a positive role for a strict antitrust policy that spurs entrepreneurial firms to innovate boldly."
"We also analyze what induces the producer and the suppliers to accept flexibility in their contracts."
"We allow a call auction to be preceded by a preopening or not, preopening orders to be binding or not, and the opening time to be deterministic or random."
"The early work done on the assortment problem assumed known demands and additive and proportional substitution cost functions for single period problems."
"We also estimate the effect of giving a particular service package to a patient group, in terms of functional improvement or regression."
"Our empirical analysis, using the National Science Foundation's Scientists and Engineers Statistical Data System database, is consistent with theoretical predictions of (i) sorting by ability into basic versus applied science among academic scientists, but not among industry scientists; and (ii) sorting by higher taste for nonmonetary returns into academia over industry."
"Third, optimal effort of the manager depends on the situation he or she is placed in."
"Pp."
"In the particular example of the London bike-share system, we find that allocating resources to some areas of the station network can be 10 times more beneficial than others in terms of system usage and that the currently implemented station density rule is far from optimal."
"In the echelon scenario, each stage can access the inventory and cost information within its echelon (comprising the stage itself and all downstream stages); in the local scenario, each stage only accesses its own local information."
"Suggestions for who should make these comparisons and how they might be done are given."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1965, $11.00, 240 pp—reviewed by Morton Klein;—Boguslaw, Robert, The new utopians—a study of system design and social change."
"One type of capacity can supply both demands, while the second can supply only one."
"This paper proposes a nonparametric efficiency measurement approach for the static portfolio selection problem in mean-variance-skewness space."
"The model has implications for the design of supervisory frameworks within integrated economies."
"Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) is an emerging type of standardized inter-organizational information system."
"This paper presents a conceptualization of information as related to the decision problems of the recipient."
"$8.50—reviewed by Murray A. Geisler;—Burns, Tom and Stalker, G. M. The management of innovation."
"We used econometric estimation, interviews, observation, and archival data to specify and estimate the model."
"In addition to solving the corrugator trim problem, the proposed method has sufficient flexibility to make it a useful vehicle for solving similar problems in other industries which manufacture such products as glass, steel, composition board, and furniture."
"It uses outputs from ad optimizing technique as inputs to a heuristic, and vice versa."
"These observations are inconsistent with the expected-profit-maximizing model, contradict what a regular or hyperbolic time-discounting model would predict, and cannot be explained by the loss aversion model."
"Although the incentives for the United States and Russia to preempt increase, the incentives of the other countries decrease, with the combined effect over all coalitions of decreasing the incentive to preempt."
"Incidentally, we also demonstrate how for a wide subclass of such queues, computations can be done exactly using practical algorithmic methods."
"Participants misperceive the spread of the outcome distribution to be too narrowband, and they estimate the median and the mode to lie too close to the center of the distribution, failing to account for the compound nature of average growth."
"On the conveyor operation problem, distinguished from the design problem, two methods of simulation are developed and practical suggestions advanced for use in feasibility and optimality considerations."
"A review of the literature indicates that this understanding is superficial at best."
"There is a total cost for all individuals recruited and a loss attached to each person hired who turns out to be unsatisfactory."
"Deriving of optimal policies, while computationally complex, nevertheless, is essential to provide insights about how effective migration policies for large systems should be structured."
"Political orators, business executives, social workers, and scholars employ it in speech and writing."
"After a contract is signed, contracting partners may engage in opportunistic behavior aimed at circumventing the original intention of the agreement governing their business relationship, complying with the letter but not the spirit of the contract."
"Based on different sources the study also shows a part of the growing differences (different opinions) about importance, understanding and methods to evaluate the efficiency of R & D. It also discusses the “double concept” of R & D efficiency, namely as a summary of successful research results and product application with marketing effect."
"We present three applications of the new identity to contingent claims valuation problems."
"The results support the increased risk appetite hypothesis, revealing that subjects reach for substantial gains and underweight tail loss events when evaluating the deposits."
"To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first to develop and implement an algorithm for minimizing locally a multimodular function over nonnegative integer vectors via submodular set-function minimization over ring families, a task that can be performed in polynomial time."
"A performance-focused social planner may set the reference structure so as to maximize the output of either the top or the bottom player depending on whether she puts greater marginal weight to larger or smaller outputs."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"In this paper the limiting behavior as n → ∞ of the ain's is studied."
"We construct a simple model of interaction between heterogeneous underwriters and heterogeneous firms and solve it under two alternative assumptions: oligopolistic competition among underwriters and implicit collusion among them."
"Other authors have pointed out that when risk is modelled by the portfolio's variance the modelling process becomes much simpler and is computationally more efficient."
"The loan spread increases by approximately 23 basis points if the bank-firm match involves culturally more different countries, for example, from Japan and the United States."
"Firms may invest in capacity early (when uncertainty is high) or late (when uncertainty has been resolved), possibly at different costs."
"We use a novel design in which we simultaneously run charity and noncharity auctions for identical products and vary the percentage donated to charity."
"Contraction mappings in the theory underlying dynamic programming."
"This is a report of progress in the development of a new generation of urban land use-transport models which represent an approach to a unified theory of urban land use and transport decisions."
"Based on the model's fit and out-of-sample forecasting performance, we find that, in many cases, the incorporation of the dyadic decision making leads to better performance vis-à-vis models where such decision making is not explicitly considered."
"Thus, a software monopolist releases a product with fewer bugs but later than what is socially optimal."
"One general model is presented which includes every member of the “family” as a special case."
"Buying Beauty: On Prices and Returns in the Art Market (p. 36)Luc Renneboog, Christophe SpaenjersIs beauty in the eye of the money holder?"
"Seasonal-style-goods inventories are characterized by the substantial losses associated with those merchandise items which are unsold at the end of a season."
"We find significant “manager effects” but no “supervisor effects.”"
"To gain insights into reducing this waiting time, we study operations in the inpatient wards and their interface with the ED."
"In addition, numerical results also indicate that the first rule is the most important one to achieve a near optimal throughput."
"The provider may exert nonreimbursable effort to reduce the chance of treatment failure."
"A finite decomposition algorithm, based on the Simplex method of quadratic programming, is developed for which computer storage requirements are independent of the number of points and computing time is approximately linear in the number of points."
"We find that bank-financed deals have higher acquirer’s cumulative abnormal returns relative to other cash M&A deals, but this certification effect exists only for bank-dependent acquirers."
"Management Sci.17(1, September) 1–34.],"
"Stat."
"failure"
"Jobshop-like queueing systems."
"If the OEMs are indeed very strong, the gain from pooling capacity via contract manufacturing is maximized in industries with moderate cost of capacity."
"In this paper we investigate the relationship between the level of a firm's technological innovativeness and its pattern of partnership agreements (i.e., relative number of partnership agreements of one type versus another)."
"The proofs of these theorems are accomplished by the “chained construction” methods of Charnes and Cooper."
"The seller credibly and discretionarily discloses inventory information to customers either fully or partially, i.e., disclosing the exact inventory of each product variant, the aggregate inventory level, or no information to customers."
"For the general case, we develop a computationally tractable upper bound on the worst-case expected cost if the costs of fulfilling demands have a nested structure."
"Data and the supplemental material are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2903.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"Finally, we show that calibration committees promote supervisor learning about organizational performance rating expectations through calibration adjustments."
"We further show that, in competitive settings, traditional customer lifetime value metrics may lead to poor retention decisions because they do not account for the competitive externality that actions toward some customers impose on the cash flows from other customers."
"This study resolves this intractability issue by proposing a new robust formulation that is shown to be solvable in polynomial time when the initial inventory is zero or negative."
"We show that the endogenous volatility and jump size of debt and equity generated by other firms’ shocks vanish as the number of firms in the economy increases."
"This paper was accepted by Gad Allon, operations management."
"This problem is analyzed and optimal policies are given in the case where the possible actions are regarded as independent selections from a large population."
"We also find, albeit with some limitations, that the timing of formal enforcement actions is important: the more the actions are deferred relative to the continuous deterioration of the banks’ financial condition, the more limited their impact on the risk-based capital ratio, while actions taken earlier help banks to improve their financial soundness."
"They find that forgetfulness impacts the ability of firms to cooperate in two different directions."
"Next, we focus our attention on the duopoly environment where an independent operator (IO) may intercept cores of products made by the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) to sell remanufactured products in future periods."
"Even the simple case of an M/M/1 queue with autocorrelations does not appear to be well understood."
"Development of an efficient account-numbering method."
"The first class of policies is called “opportunistic,” since optimal policies are designed to take advantage of opportunities arising through failures of the remaining parts."
"This makes evaluating the performance of candidate admission strategies difficult."
"Research is needed to test the validity of existing folklore practices and to test the new hypotheses of management-science scholars."
"Optimal Compensation and Pay-Performance Sensitivity in a Continuous-Time Principal-Agent Model (p. 641)Nengjiu Ju, Xuhu WanHow should compensation be structured between diversified, risk-neutral shareholders and a risk-averse manager?"
"We find that a retailer should generally avoid committing to a price path over the season (assuming such commitment is feasible)—committing to a markdown price (or to not mark down at all) is often too costly (inventory may remain unsold) even in the presence of strategic consumers; the better approach is to be cautious with the initial quantity and then mark down optimally."
"The analysis yields several key insights."
"We find that assessment assistance helps reduce the EE gap but procurement commitment is required to eliminate it."
"In same-function alliances, partnering firms have similar competencies, whereas in cross-function alliances, partners have very different competencies."
"Downside loss-averse preferences have seen a resurgence in the portfolio management literature."
"We also identify heterogeneity across clients and freelancers in their tendencies to disintermediate."
"Startups’ exit strategies vary considerably: Some startups aim to sell early; others remain in stealth mode by developing the invention for a late sale."
"The main empirical predictions are that resource flexibility is negatively related to the cost of borrowing and positively related to debt."
"Overall, our evidence is consistent with the pecking order theory: firms with deteriorated firm information environments increase their use of less information-sensitive debt, whereas firms with improved information environments favor the use of equity financing."
"We also extend the framework to a more general modeling setting in which feature values as well as class labels are missing and are costly to acquire."
"1965."
"For example, greater market instability and market presence increase the value of marketing expertise, while larger organization size, organization instability, and competition decrease its value."
"Large, technologically-based industrial organizations are composed of many-specialist functions whose interests are frequently seen to be in conflict with those of management."
"We then run online experimental studies that mimic lottery games with one, two, or three winning numbers."
"These, in turn, are developed for their possible pertinence in problems where minimizations are to be over the maximum of a set of functions under inequality constraints."
"Hence, when both quick response and enhanced design are combined in a fast fashion system, the firm typically enjoys a greater incremental increase in profit than the sum of the increases resulting from employing either system in isolation."
"We propose a structural econometric model to understand consumers’ preferences and costs on search engines to improve user experience under unstructured social media."
"MORE does not require data to be of particular types or have particular distributional shapes."
"A supporting hyperplane algorithm is used to solve the estimation model."
"The effect of highly publicized risk controversies on such regulatory decisions is described."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"We then develop a new Vickrey-type auction that incorporates the buyer's reservation price function into quantity allocation and payment decision."
"The general model reduces to their present worth all disbursements and receipts involved in the possession and operation of a succession of equipment having varying initial costs, life spans, salvage values, income and cost functions."
"We demonstrate that a sampling-based mechanism can offer an alternative explanation for belief synchronization in social groups and the persistence of collective illusions."
"Firms compete for consumer information and derive revenues both from consumer purchases as well as from disclosing consumer information in a secondary market."
"Hundreds and perhaps thousands of decisions are made each day that a company operates and none is more complex than the effective reduction of manpower."
"Further, we propose that this learning will vary across the dual-technology frontier (DTF), where the high-technology frontier (HTF) and low-technology frontier (LTF) map onto innovative activities driven by technological opportunity and user needs."
"1965."
"This paper presents a framework for organizational analysis."
"This pattern of preferences is incompatible with current models of intertemporal choice, in which people should consistently prefer to have gains now and losses later."
"By contrast, organ donation has been little explored."
"Use of the Wilson EOQ may result in substantial excess costs, particularly for items of high annual cash flow."
"Because #MeToo affected the entire industry, we use variation in whether producers had past collaborations with Weinstein to investigate whether and how #MeToo may spur change."
"The recent survey paper entitled “An Analysis of Private and Public Sector Location Models,” by ReVelle, Marks, and Liebman. ["
"Female producers are the main drivers of our results, perhaps because they are more likely than male producers to resonate with the movement’s cause and face relatively low costs of enacting change."
"An important implication for entrants is that the marketing activities, which aim to reduce consumer uncertainty about product functionalities, may fail to improve profitability."
"We show that the management of across-border coordination has led to changes in the heuristic rules used for performance evaluation and transfer pricing."
"In particular we show that most of the previous models which have appeared in the literature on production planning (scheduling, smoothing and work force balancing) can be characterized as special cases of the control theory problem formulation."
"In particular, we identify a unique macroeconomic series—the U.S. Leading Economic Index® (LEI)—which is released monthly and constructed as a summary statistic of previously released inputs."
"To date, optimization models of endogenous technological change commonly deal with uncertainty in technological learning with risk-factor methods, i.e., by adding expected risk costs resulting from overestimating technological learning rates into an objective function with a subjective risk factor."
"The services are performed in any sequence, possibly simultaneously, by a number of servers."
"This provides an ideal laboratory for testing whether the threat of default creates any of the distortions predicted in theory."
"It is shown that the investment policy of maximizing the expected log each period is optimal when the utility function depends only on the tail of the sequence representing the capital at each period."
"We model the interaction of a single buyer with a single supplier within a market in a developing country with homogeneous local suppliers and homogeneous buyers from developed nations."
"Recent research has attempted to resolve this question by considering the variance of creative outcome distributions."
"In this paper we examine individuals' attitudes toward the timing of information."
"The tests are based upon two criteria: correspondence and correctness."
"We find that strong relationships are generally beneficial for borrowers, but lending outcomes differ across the relationships’ dimensions."
"We develop a new greedy heuristic for the profit problem, and its application to simulated problems shows that it too runs quickly, and with better performance than various alternatives and previously published heuristics."
"Stud."
"The exogenous demands are independent Poisson processes."
"The insight for management: A time-varying cash-flow beta/price of risk provides a rational explanation for momentum."
"Buying from the Babbling Retailer?"
"Differences between respondents in direction and degree of intrinsic risk attitude are substantial and the majority of the respondents are intrinsically risk seeking."
"This confusion is of major significance, because the use of performance measures in operations assessment, decision making, and resource allocation is increasing."
"This paper was accepted by David Hsu, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"This paper was accepted by J. George Shanthikumar, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"We first discuss the source of nonlinearities in refining and petrochemical problems and propose a multiplicative formulation for the linearized subproblems to be solved by SLP."
"We also find that the equity ownership of the BOD is more important in managerial compensation control than other BOD related variables, such as BOD size or the proportion of outside directors."
"Informed recommendation updates are associated with substantial and persistent abnormal returns, even when the analyst accesses historical filings."
"This paper considers a model for the maintenance of a deteriorating system with a discrete state space."
"This study concentrates on data modeling, which involves the representation of different types of data and their interrelationships."
"The implications of these findings for innovation management and strategy, entrepreneurship, and university technology commercialization are discussed."
"To decrease computational time, the constraint size of the linearized integer problems is reduced according to various methods."
"Across the six cases, a six-stage reuse-for-innovation process was identified consisting of three major actions: reconceptualize the problem and approach, including deciding to search for others' ideas to reuse; search-and-evaluate others' ideas to reuse; and develop the selected idea."
"Treating them separately may lose useful information for forecasting."
"The results demonstrate that the problem, though NP-hard, can be handled effectively."
"$10;—Singh, Jagjit, Great Ideas of Operations Research."
"Under certain assumptions, including an equal allocation of buffer storage space between the respective pairs of stations, it is known that the optimal allocation of work is characterized by the “bowl phenomenon” whereby the interior stations (especially the center ones) are given preferential treatment (less work) over the end stations."
"Overall, our study uncovers the subtier network structure as an important risk source for the focal firm, with the degree of tier-2 sharing as the main moderator."
"We predict that target firm accounting quality will be positively associated with (1) the likelihood that the deal will be structured as a negotiation rather than as an auction, (2) the speed with which the deal reaches final resolution, and (3) the likelihood that the proposed deal is ultimately completed."
"The rerouting problem is modeled as a multicommodity flow problem with link capacity design."
"In this note we derive an exact parametric relationship between portfolio standard deviation and size and thus highlight the dangers of using the standard deviation in conjunction with O.L.S. regression techniques to model the risk reduction advantages of naive diversification."
"At one extreme an organization might hire and fire personnel as the demand for their services varies over time."
"This criterion finds application in various optimum seeking methods and sensitivity analysis procedures."
"A general model is developed based on the information-processing activities of the individual members of a communications network."
"Using unique loan-level data, we show that job rotation hinders performance when the information is soft."
"In Porteus [Porteus, E. On the optimality of structured policies in countable stage decision processes."
"In just four months following George Floyd’s death, $3.4 million worth of books featuring authors and characters from marginalized communities were successfully funded, reaching more than half a million students."
"Manufacturing cycle time determination for a multi-stage economic production quantity model."
"Indeed affirmative action may compensate for the distortion discrimination imposes on the selection of candidates."
"An important example arises when there are several installations, say 1, 2, …, N, with installation 1 receiving stock from 2, with 2 receiving stock from 3, etc."
"Using simulated cross-sections of firms, we find that CDS trading increases corporate default rates and deters investment."
"However, we find that, on average, public companies benefit when they buy financial sponsors' portfolio companies, experiencing positive abnormal returns upon the announcement of the acquisition and long-run posttransaction abnormal returns indistinguishable from zero."
"Using exogenous input work profiles typical of large U.S. mail processing facilities, illustrative computational results are included."
"We also build on research that finds a positive relation between forced turnover risk and CEO compensation."
"(1) A Reaction to One Interpretation of the Special Issue on the ORSA Guidelines by Ian I. Mitroff.(2) Management Science in Developing Countries by J. D. Smith."
"Equilibrium production quantities of competitors are strategic complements, yet competition between producers does manifest itself, for example, if one acquires better production technology (i.e., makes value units at lower cost) then the equilibrium production levels of other producers are reduced."
"In the model, individual forecasters have types defined according to a statistical criterion we call type coherence."
"Post consumption, judges may infer quality that is not directly observed and/or make conservative choices to assuage accountability concerns."
"The basis of the approach is the division of the city into smaller areas or zones corresponding to neighborhoods."
"His simultaneous optimization of both the lot size (Q) and the number of sub-batches (b) is valid provided that the transportation cost of sub-batches through all stages can be established and that the transportation cost function is of the form he suggests."
"The technique employed was a modified risk analysis model."
"It can accommodate a wide range of real-world situations including multiple resource constraints, due dates, job splitting, resource, substitutability, and concurrency and nonconcurrency of job performance requirements."
"Multiservice providers, such as telecommunication and financial service companies, can benefit from understanding how customers' service portfolios evolve over the course of their relationships."
"The function to be minimized is the sum of the costs derived from holding inventories, stockouts, and the deviation of the production rate from the optimal rate for the plant."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"We focus on the relatively understudied domain of online-first retailers and the engagement of a key omnichannel tactic; specifically, introduction of showrooms (physical locations where customers can view and try products) in combination with online fulfillment that uses centralized inventory management."
"This model achieves a 91.8% forecasting accuracy of the experts’ correct forecasts."
"Does viewing the show pose an opportunity for viewers?"
"In this paper a third aspect of the mathematical properties of the transportation problem is developed."
"In addition, the same mechanism generates predictability of consumption growth and produces fluctuations in the risk-free rate."
"The user is better informed of the benefit of the system, while the developer privately discovers the development costs as the project advances."
"The replacement of a machine which deteriorates at a random rate is considered."
"The optimal contracted delivery frequency can also be computed."
"In a dynamic setting, we demonstrate how a risk-averse portfolio manager optimally under- or overperforms a target benchmark under different economic conditions, depending on his attitude towards risk and choice of the benchmark."
"Despite this fact, empirical work on production costs focus almost exclusively on either production rate or the size of the order as explainers of variations in costs."
"However, much of the previous work has been focused on industries with low cost and undifferentiated products."
"Large data systems are expensive and difficult to construct even where the inputs are well defined."
"Our results thus provide analytical support for the managerial belief that industry clockspeed and time to market are closely related."
"Technological advances in both the manufacturing and office sectors have emphasized the need to link processors and communications equipment into Local Area Networks (LANs) to facilitate communication and promote resource sharing."
"Breakthrough innovations in science-based firms also induce clusters of technological opportunities upstream for suppliers, horizontally for partners, and downstream for users."
"In contrast, firms are more likely to switch after bank mergers that involve a peer’s bank when the firm belongs to an industry with greater proprietary costs and when the bank has greater incentives to leak information, consistent with the proprietary cost hypothesis."
"The RAND Corporation, Paper P-923)."
"The decrease subsequently reverses in the following first fiscal quarter."
"We find that the threat of litigation encourages firms to report more conservatively only when the auditor’s cost of detecting misstatements is relatively high but promotes less conservative reporting when the auditor’s cost of auditing is low."
"Two additional treatments allow us to get a quantitative measure of subjects' preferences over different information structures."
"Under specific assumptions regarding costs and utility functions, models of monopoly, oligopoly and perfect competition are formulated."
"The latter does follow if the weighting functions are continuous."
"In contrast the predictions in Experiment 2 are for paradoxical choices, those which favor the prospect model."
"The results of this study apply to individual learning curves, and questions remain concerning the aggregation of individual performance into group performance."
"We introduce the fatigue disutility model."
"The impact of water scarcity on toxic releases to water is more nuanced."
"In this paper, we provide a general framework for analyzing rolling schedules, and we examine analytically a fundamental quadratic-cost model for the effects of such factors as the length of the planning interval, the uncertainty in forecasts, and the periodicity of demand."
"We study the bundle size pricing (BSP) problem in which a monopolist sells bundles of products to customers and the price of each bundle depends only on the size (number of items) of the bundle."
"The foreman can determine in advance what tools, raw materials, etc.,"
"To solve a problem, needed information and problem-solving capabilities must be brought together."
"We show that in the presence of debt, resource flexibility has benefits in addition to reducing the mismatch between supply and demand."
"We distinguish between three types of competition: depending on whether firms compete on the basis of their prices only, waiting time standards only, or on the basis of prices and waiting time standards."
"In this note, we employ a relatively new methodology known as choice-based conjoint analysis (to model customer preferences) and investigate its mathematical properties when used to model the product line selection problem."
"In 2007, 55 million people made 376 million trips to casinos in the United States alone, despite their obviously negative expected payoff."
"The agent’s preferences are characterized by the generalized recursive smooth ambiguity utility function."
"It will be supposed that the term model is familiar enough to be used in a reasonably unambiguous way."
"Commitment products can remedy self-control problems."
"We propose a dynamic model that relies on behavioral theories and empirical evidence to capture the effect of past service experiences on service quality expectations, customer satisfaction, and retention."
"Bombay and Calcutta: Asia Publishing House and Statisical Publishing Society, 1960 $4.75, 60 pp—reviewed by S. K. Ghaswala;—Peck, Merton J. and Scherer, Frederic M. The weapons acquisition process: an economic analysis."
"This framework permits to differentiate between portfolio efficiency and allocative efficiency, and a convexity efficiency component related to the difference between the primal, nonconvex approach and the dual, convex approach."
"We discuss how these insights from the laboratory could help to inform the design of sponsorship programs in the field."
"When lenders anticipate that a firm will choose a relatively flexible capacity mix, they should provide more favorable credit terms, to which the firm should respond by issuing more debt."
"The social planner optimally shrinks the protected period to push the vendor to deliver the patch more quickly, and sometimes the patch release time coincides with disclosure."
"Currently, such languages operate mainly as simulators, evaluating specific cases."
"and (ii) that consumers can observe some product attributes of a product (e.g., CPU clock speed, horsepower of a car engine, screen size of a smartphone, etc.),"
"We find that congested networks served by collaborating (serial) and competing (parallel) firms may lead to excessive prices."
"For instance, jobbing firms have often to choose the most profitable package of orders from hundreds of potential ones under a great many restrictions on available resources, such as working time of different facilities, number of specialists, materials, etc."
"This paper describes the results of a two-and-a-half year effort in proactive planning at the Bureau of the Census in Washington, D.C. Most large-scale organizations merely react to their future(s) instead of actively planning for and thus anticipating the future(s) they would like to bring about; would the Bureau be bold enough to try and break out of this pattern by engaging in what Ackoff and others have termed proactive or interactive planning?"
"To analyze such strategic interaction among firms’ decisions under correlated and uncertain payoffs, we use the global game framework recently developed in economics."
"Game theory may be used to describe and to analyze corporate elections which are based upon a system of cumulative voting."
"10/(U.K.) (paper);—Emery, F. E. (Editor), Systems Thinking, Selected Readings."
"In the first version, effort budgets of both competitors are exogenously fixed."
"The intuition is that if one could build a fictitious conditioning information set merging all individual pieces of information, it would be rich enough to restore VaR subadditivity."
"They are also more risk loving than male directors."
"We reject the possibility that overconfident managers have (persistent) positive private information and use PSD for signaling."
"If in the first phase there is a dual gap, then we show that there is no cost allocation in the core."
"A number of people in diverse areas of specialization have drawn attention to the unsystematic treatment in setting alpha and beta in classical hypothesis testing."
"Recent writings have tended to offer modularity as at least a partial solution to this design problem."
"The authors developed an optimization model for this integrated sequencing and scheduling problem."
"We extend the basic scheduling policy in order to integrate its use with tactical planning."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"The authors suggest a robust optimization methodology that extends the results to problems that are nonlinear in the optimization variables."
"By building on data pertaining to 9,692 inventors from 23 countries, this study shows that female inventors represent only 4.2% of total inventors, and they earn about 14% less than their male peers."
"Two letters to the Editor:—“Cybernetic Queues” by A. Ghosal, Monash University, Clayton, Victoria, Australia—“On the Correlation of Efficient Portfolios” by Warren H. Hausman, Cornell University, Ithaca, New York"
"J. Management Sci.4 (5) 501–505; Singhal, K., V. Vyasulu."
"6 No."
"In addition to results regarding the build-up and draw down rates as a function of the amount of disruption or probability of future disruption our central conclusion is that build-up and drawdown policies are essentially the same with or without international cooperation, due to the current inventory limits on U.S. and Foreign Strategic Petroleum Reserves."
"$7.95—reviewed by Charles E. Summer."
"In particular, attention was given to stabilizing procedures, to making decisions in the face of uncertainty and to improving communication."
"failure"
"To examine differences in compensating top executives, we estimate a system of simultaneous equations that is designed to accommodate interconnections between performance, the level of compensation, and the mix of compensation components."
"Arguments are presented which result in the following candidates for data-generating processes: (1) ratios of successive forecasts are distributed lognormally; (2) ratios of successive forecasts are distributed as t (Student); (3) actual demands during unequal time periods are distributed as negative binomial."
"Steps are also discussed for incorporating the determination and collection of the sample size into a computer library routine that can be called by the ongoing simulation program."
"Second, with the aid of the model, we characterize the necessary and sufficient conditions for a firm to invest in flexible capacity to protect efficiently against uncertainty in demand for all of its products."
"The hypothetical performance of these rules represented a significant improvement over the actual company performance as measured by independent cost estimates and other managerial measures of efficiency."
"In extensions, we find that when violations in tier 1 carry a higher penalty for the buyer, the buyer may audit and rectify only tier 1 suppliers; when audits may be inaccurate, the buyer more likely tolerates a greater level of noncompliance."
"This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"Such policies are required when workers must be allocated to one of several jobs which have associated with them different waiting costs."
"Book Reviews—Mothes, J. Previsions et decisions statistiques dans l'entreprise."
"Choices of this type frequently are made on judgmental grounds by group processes; because of the subjectivity it is difficult to develop objective criteria for choosing one group process over another."
"This study predicts and finds that the interaction of firm-level and aggregate-level shocks explains a significant portion of shocks to macroeconomic activity."
"failure"
"Four examples are presented using these techniques, and comparisons are made with known theoretical solutions."
"This paper calculates some of the operating characteristics of opportunistic replacement and inspection policies."
"Then we consider stratified quantile estimators and show that the error probability for these estimators can be guaranteed to be 0 with sufficiently large, but finite, sample size."
"Defaults are consistent with the firm’s balance sheet and aggregation."
"The overall algorithm can be applied to determine desired staffing levels, e.g., the minimum number of servers needed to guarantee that, first, the abandonment rate is below any specified target value and, second, that the conditional probability that an arriving customer will be served within a specified deadline, given that the customer eventually will be served, is at least a specified target value."
"The EEI bound is limited to problems where all processors are initially available at the same time."
"We analyze the effect of accounting bias on the competition and market structure of an industry."
"Instead, they are consistent with a model that underweights the order-time payments, which can be explained by the “prospective accounting” theory in the mental accounting literature."
"We also bound the integrality gap of the LP, which shows that it is impossible to design an algorithm that yields an approximation factor larger than 0.828 with respect to this LP.This paper was accepted by Chung Piaw Teo, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"This paper explores the relationship between the decision to purchase a costly information system and the wealth of an investor with a logarithmic utility function, where the information system may provide information concerning the payoffs from risky investments."
"In this paper, consumers not only take into account the quality and price of a product but also their heterogeneous tastes along other attributes which are unobservable to firms."
"We do this by first demonstrating the extent to which purchase shares of the top two national brands across six different categories vary across markets, accounts (defined as chain–market interactions) and stores: market-level variation accounts for approximately 30% of the weekly purchase share variation across stores, whereas account-level and store-level variation explain an additional 13% and 5% of the variation, respectively."
"Duopoly models frequently assume that firms game on their choice of prices."
"which appears in this journal as the vehicle for our comments."
"The framework is motivated by the emergence of B2B exchanges in several industrial sectors to facilitate such integrated contract and spot procurement."
"The non-parametric tests include the Kolmogorov-Smirnov statistic and Alfred Rényi's statistics."
"We provide general proofs that show how decision-making structures can be constructed so they maximize reliability for a given number of agents."
"Preference between two future outcomes may change over time—a phenomenon labeled as time inconsistency."
"Then the investors infer only that the real demand is relatively high, and the short-term value of the firm can be artificially inflated."
"However, some observations may be imprecise, meaning that it is not entirely clear what occurred in them."
"There were four such statements, presented in written form, one at a time and in orders which differed for each individual."
"proposed, tested, and revised the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM), which attempts to explain and predict why users sometimes accept and sometimes reject information systems (IS)."
"We propose and test an alternative explanation for the existence of the positive governance–return relation in the 1990s and its disappearance in the 2000s: The governance–return relation is positive under good states of the economy and negative under bad states."
"This paper presents some results of an analysis of time estimating behavior on critical path networks used in large scale development projects."
"Using proprietary data from a large multinational organization, we begin by showing that calibration committees adjust ratings sparingly (i.e., 25% adjustment rate), but when they do, downward adjustments are significantly more frequent and of greater magnitude than upward adjustments."
"Analysis shows that the average-cost model solutions are first-order approximations in the discount rate."
"In this mode of operation the servers at any station will at any time be busy, idle, or blocked."
"It is known that when the random variables being compared have a uniform probability measure, as is the case when using financial market data, the computation of efficient sets for first- and second-degree dominance can be greatly simplified if majorization conditions are used instead of the dominance definitions."
"Accounting incorporates both verified (monitored) and unverified (self-reported) information and provides information that is aggregated (coarse) and historical (late)."
"We derive sufficient conditions, showing that, contrary to the economic intuition, ambiguity and ambiguity aversion may actually reduce the diversification value."
"The methodology focuses on the next major facility decision in the U.S magnetic fusion energy program."
"Our policy experiments show that a sign-up bonus targeted to the elderly could be much more effective if implemented as a limited-time offer rather than a permanent offer."
"The performance gap favoring Tabu Search increases significantly for more difficult problem instances."
"We derive the optimal policy of the buyer, develop insights as to why the policy is complex, study the supplier's profit as a function of her offered quantity-discount scheme (accommodating the buyer's optimal policy), and discover a new phenomenon that is distinct and structurally different from the well-known bullwhip effect."
"North-Holland, Amsterdam, 109–123.),"
"Nonmarket resource allocation decisions require some means for generating information on relevant preferences."
"The effect is especially pronounced for more severe recalls, which are more likely to hurt manufacturers’ reputations."
"Eventually, the optimal contract jumps from one deterring myopia to one tolerating myopia."
"The model was designed to overcome limitations with using inputs from multiple data sources."
"Sci."
"For portfolios composed of a single risky asset and a single riskless asset, Constantinides (1979) shows that the optimal investment policy is described in terms of a no transaction region, where the optimal policy is to refrain from trading if initial portfolio holdings lie within the region, and to transact to the nearest boundary of the region if portfolio holdings lie outside the region."
"failure"
"Engineering design often involves a very complex set of relationships among a large number of coupled problems."
"Consumer boycotts are triggered by egregious events, but the literature has not distinguished the level of egregiousness from consumers’ preferences or disutility associated with a given level of egregiousness, nor has the literature studied how these two components of egregiousness affect boycott intensity."
"Using unique idea-level data from a large European car parts manufacturer, we show that interplant assignments significantly increase the value of employees’ improvement ideas due to the short-term transfer of production knowledge and long-term employee learning."
"Penny Wise, Dollar Foolish: Buy–Sell Imbalances On and Around Round Numbers (p. 413)Utpal Bhattacharya, Craig W. Holden, Stacey JacobsenCan traders be penny wise because others are dollar foolish?"
"For simplicity, it is assumed that each customer is willing to wait a fixed time before beginning service."
"Although reference dependence plays a central role in explaining behavior, little is known about the way that reference points are selected."
"Oper."
"These experiments can be exploited using several shock-based research designs, including difference in differences (DID), shock-based instrumental variable (shock-IV), and regression discontinuity."
"We test these hypotheses with quarterly data covering 1987 to 1998 on consumer complaints against the 10 largest U.S. airlines."
"Consider a retailer who sells perishable seasonal products with uncertain demand."
"This paper presents a new methodology for determining suboptimum relative location patterns for physical facilities."
"With the proposed evaluation measures, each division manager is rewarded on the basis of his division's contribution to overall profits."
"Next, we investigate which factors drive the speed of these investors’ trading reactions to newly generated private information."
"Past research claiming usefulness of the DSS has relied largely on anecdotal or case data."
"Rational techniques there too are constantly interacting with the value logics of the groups affected."
"This note considers two single-machine multi-product scheduling problems with deterministic demand that have appeared in the management science literature: the economic lot scheduling problem and the joint replenishment problem."
"failure"
"We investigate the impact of rivals' product innovation and new advertising on a firm's financial market value in mature product markets."
"An illustrative application on fire departments is used to show the applicability of the method developed to assist the resource allocation process."
"This approach provides guidance for the use of data on past programs in the estimation of cost functions and the evaluation of future production plans."
"We argue that strong ties to potentially influential organization members who are ambivalent about a change (fence-sitters) provide the change agent with an affective basis to coopt them."
"It is also hoped that by adding the paper to the literature of detailed examples, a case study, often desired for classroom instruction, will be provided to educators."
"The citing practices of patent attorneys and examiners, however, also influence citations."
"What we had not expected was the emergence of so many parallelisms between our treatment of the problem of implementation and those of a wide range of investigations in the broad reaches of management decision theory."
"We find that high-expertise managers make two types of bonus decisions: (1) keep a smaller share of the bonus pool than what they are entitled to retain and (2) allocate the remainder to subordinates more evenly after adjusting for the underlying heterogeneity in their productivity."
"We then show how this framework may be used to provide sharp prescriptions for key auction design decisions that publishers face in these markets."
"This paper studies the impact of competition on a firm’s choice of technology (product-flexible or product-dedicated) and capacity investment decisions."
"Findings suggest that the value of adhering to a method may lie in modifying the learning behaviors that subsequently create knowledge."
"and gives a dual to the minimum risk problem of stochastic programming studied by Bergthaller [Bergthaller, C. 1970."
"This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"Hence, the need to balance search and stability generates interdependencies among the design elements."
"We then describe a SLP algorithm which is shown to be related to the concept of trust regions."
"Preferences depend on the satiation level and the habitual consumption level."
"Within the latter class, I consider the single period steady state case, and then the N-period dynamic inventory model."
"The measurement approach presented here offers empirical insights that support theoretical development in studies of innovation, entrepreneurship, technology strategy, science policy, and social network theory."
"Drug use and related problems change substantially over time, so it seems plausible that drug interventions should vary too."
"The technique is illustrated with an actual case study in order to make a more realistic presentation."
"Justifications frequently appeared to be overlapping or duplicative."
"2) Customers are heterogeneous in their demand lead times."
"Guided by this result, we specify and estimate a demand model that identifies the impact of the quota through two forces: the effort salespeople expend in order to sell the product and their bargaining position."
"Unfilled demand at each location is backordered."
"This may affect the relationship between housing price and distance to subway and reduce the price premium enjoyed by proximate apartments."
"C. West Churchman, Russell L. Ackoff, and E. Leonard Arnoff."
"56(8):1272–1284; hereafter, GM]."
"We find a statistically significant decrease in the equity and the asset betas after the quality award announcement."
"Our theoretical model of the performance of this intuitively appealing strategy shows that it performs reasonably well in highly predictable environments, but performs quite poorly in less predictable environments."
"The resulting hypotheses link task characteristics, information systems, and business uncertainty to behavior vs. outcome based control strategy."
"Models and scientific evidence suggest that firms are more successful at new-product development if there is greater communication among marketing, engineering, and manufacturing."
"However, the major portion of our treatment is reserved for the human relations area."
"A broad overview is presented of the problems of objectives, model building, quantification of system parameters, ambiguities in concepts of benefit, cost, and optimization."
"This article is based on an idea proposed by C. W. Carroll for transforming a mathematical programming problem into a sequence of unconstrained minimization problems."
"The comprehensive data set includes all retail prescriptions for 262 drugs in nine drug classes written by 5,730 physicians in five states over 48 months."
"The electronic companion is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2661.This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"Explosive growth in the number of users on various social media platforms has transformed the way firms strategize their marketing activities."
"Professional sports are estimated to have a negative impact on attendance and wagering demands."
"These findings complement the existing studies documenting the positive effect of technology spillovers in increasing firms’ overall innovation outputs; they highlight potential downsides of technology spillovers in reducing firm investment in technology breakthrough and valuable human capital."
"This paper derives and tests an intertemporal capital asset pricing model (ICAPM) based on a conditional version of the Campbell–Vuolteenaho two-beta ICAPM (bad beta, good beta (BBGB))."
"The commuter operation in the terminal is characterized by the following conditions:1."
"Nonstationary stochastic periodic review inventory problems with proportional costs occur in a number of industrial settings with seasonal patterns, trends, business cycles, and limited life items."
"Computationally intensive criteria failed to perform better than criteria which were computationally simpler."
"Financial professionals have a great deal of discretion concerning how to relay information about the risk of financial products to their clients."
"This paper was accepted by Eric Anderson, marketing."
"failure"
"Punctuations, or sudden shifts, in these equilibria determine the patterns of technology diffusion."
"Our SPOT models for scheduling network programs combine predicted ratings for different combinations of prime-time schedules with a novel, mixed-integer, generalized network-based flow, mathematical programming model, which when solved provides an optimal schedule."
"We present a new interactive algorithm for multiple criteria optimization."
"The dynamic programming recursive procedure has provided an efficient method for solving a variety of multi-stage decision problems in which the objective is measured by a real valued utility function."
"Although a combination of large rebates plus sales incentives substantially increases market share, information and sales incentives alone each have zero statistical effect and explain at most a small fraction of the low baseline market share."
"Further, component lot-splitting considerations may be ignored if production rates of facilities in the system are in balance."
"This paper adds to economic analysis a formal representation of the emotions evoked by the auction process, specifically, the excitement of winning if a bid is accepted, and the frustration of losing if it is not."
"Testable restrictions combining choice and nonchoice data fully characterize the model."
"—Letters on marketers and consumers—“To the Editor” by Bent Stidsen, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania—“To the Editor” by Morris J. Solomon, Silver Spring, Maryland—“Proposal” by Morris J. Solomon (excerpts)—“To the Editor” by Morris J. Solomon (reply to the Editor)—“To the Editor” by Rev. Roger Alling, Newark, New Jersey"
"Scheduling with random arrivals and linear loss functions."
"It is for this reason that transfer prices will have a strategic component to them."
"This approach to assessing decision making is well accepted."
"This paper reports the work being done on the research frontier at the University of Michigan in connection with organisms as systems, the reactions of groups, models of human preference, the experimental exploration of human observation, detection, and decision making, and the analysis and synthesis of speech."
"Privacy laws may reduce online advertising revenues as a result."
"The constructs that support such a process are greater investments in architectural design, earlier feedback on product performance from the market, and the use of a development team with greater amounts of “generational” experience."
"An M/G/1 queuing framework is used to characterize delay costs."
"Our estimates using instrumental variable techniques support our theoretical predictions regarding the link between internal funds and capital investments, as well as the interaction effects between debt and new equity."
"While the report covers only 5 Federal, civilian organizations, the author concludes that productivity measurement could usefully be extended to most other civilian agencies, and to some functions of the Department of Defense, particularly in the supply and maintenance areas."
"Considerations which led to the selection of scientific Computers in preference to a business machine Data Processor for the preparation of Shop Orders, Scheduling and Control of Stock Status."
"Fleet sizing and empty equipment redistribution are important issues in managing transportation systems."
"Similarly, an example of a fuzzy goal is: “x should be in the vicinity of x0 ,” where x0 is a constant."
"It predicts when workers are more likely to switch to larger boxes using machine learning techniques and then proactively adjusts the algorithmic prescriptions of those “targeted packages.”"
"We derive conditions such that (a) the strategic effect more than outweighs the direct effect, and conditions such that (b) the imitation effect more than outweighs the competitive advantage effect: Bertrand supertraps."
"Zangwill states conditions which are necessary and sufficient for convergence of a nonlinear programming algorithm."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"We then indicate how optimal time-to-market and its implied product performance targets vary with exogenous factors such as the size of the potential market, the presence of existing and new products, profit margins, the length of the window of opportunity, the firm's speed of product improvement, and competitor product performance."
"Implicit understandings cannot fully substitute for an explicit contract."
"The results of the model support the claim that “pure profit maximizing behavior may be at the expense of organizational survival” (D'Aveni 1990, p. 135)."
"The lengths of the intervals between successive cash inflows are independently distributed and independent of the magnitude of the inflows."
"Moreover, sentiment boosts sale prices particularly when the housing market is in boom; however, investors are not more prone to sentiment bias than are owner-occupiers."
"For first, second, third and higher orders of stochastic dominance preferences, the special linear structure of the mathematical programs allow analytical solutions to be obtained for the bounds."
"Numerical experiments indicate that the average of the lower and upper bounds is very effective."
"1948."
"We establish that PSMD returns a near-optimal ALP solution and a lower bound on the optimal policy cost in a finite number of iterations with high probability."
"This flexibility at the individual level is accomplished through splines of the truncated power basis type in a general additive regression framework for latent utility."
"As a result, the buyer provides a price premium to those suppliers who adopt EDI and increases their sales volume and market share."
"In Sections 4 and 5 some of the benefits and difficulties associated with the use of the theory are mentioned."
"A general model describing individual consuming unit response to an advertising stimulus is developed."
"Taken together, the evidence supports the retail attention hypothesis of Barber and Odean (Barber, B., T. Odean."
"Through two experiments conducted in the field and complementary online experiments, we compare how transparency into these internal and external initiatives affects customer perceptions and sales."
"The present study aims at the analysis of the second aspect, and attempts to evaluate the economic prospects of mining exploration in the Sahara, from the point of view of statistical distributions of both the number of deposits and their value."
"Sociologists (e.g., Granovetter 1985) have typically viewed this explanation as undersocialized, and argue that institutional legitimacy must also be considered to explain the survival of new firms."
"Illustrations of problems for automation."
"We analyze a dynamic bargaining game in which a seller and a buyer negotiate over quantity and payment to trade for a product."
"For example, an executive committee of ten members is required to assign five candidates to five positions."
"A goal of this model fitting procedure is to identify parameters that correspond to stable underlying risk preferences."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"The elements making up the conceptual framework of operational support are defined and discussed."
"The approach developed is applicable to decisions relating both to the acquisition of volumes and the maintenance of collections."
"Potential applications include engineering and economic planning at various levels from national, regional and urban development to industrial and building layouts and chemical or electronic systems design."
"However, the manufacturer can reduce the variance of its forecast further by using the entire order history to which it has access."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"In this paper we consider alternative values of the parameter and refer to any linear combination of the original source equation and this cut as a “generalised cut”."
"$12.00—reviewed by S. B. Littauer;—Owen, Donald B. Handbook of statistical tables."
"This approach suggests a new budget methodology, the Learning Rate Budget (LRB), which combines activities with similar learning rates to facilitate planning, forecasting, bidding, accountability, and management control."
"The objective is to choose an ordering policy that minimizes the expected discounted costs over an infinite time horizon."
"Explaining how entrepreneurs overcome information asymmetry between themselves and potential investors to obtain financing is an important issue for entrepreneurship research."
"Recent technological advances in online and mobile communications have enabled collaborative consumption or product sharing among consumers on a massive scale."
"Using a dynamic panel model, we identify a significant positive impact of training on employee performance."
"These results demonstrate the potential importance of trade marketing on a brand’s purchase shares."
"This paper was accepted by George Wu, decision analysis."
"We define a high volume factory to be a connected network of workstations, at which assigned workers process work-in-progress that flows at high rates through the workstations."
"The planning situation, where alternative order sizes are considered, is then contrasted with the production situation, where unit costs are related to cumulative output given a production plan."
"This paper develops an algorithm to calculate the Brownian multivariate normal probability subject to any preset error tolerance criteria."
"Experimental results showed that both the knowledge map and the new directed questions methodology elicited a higher quantity and quality of information from decision makers engaged in probability assessment tasks than did a control condition."
"Because of the lower classification costs in these yards and the importance of such costs, many railroads have installed these newer facilities."
"The paper establishes a demand analysis to predict the need for engineers in 15 industry groups through 1987, subject to various economic scenarios."
"However, our findings indicate that the reductions in cycle time and effort due to improved quality outweigh the increases from achieving higher levels of process maturity."
"Through a controlled two-stage experiment, we explore the performance of solution search strategies to resolve problems of varying complexity."
"When m = N − z − 2 is small, a simple and fast procedure that uses Johnson's algorithm on the middle N − 2m jobs is used."
"Our story begins with a psychological model of subjective probability judgment that exhibits IA."
"This third finding of differential consistency between model composites and holistic evaluations is interpreted as a result of weight parameter distortions due to social desirability and/or a neglect to consider attribute value ranges when making weight judgments."
"The concepts of involvement and appreciation are defined, and their measurement in a real-world research setting is presented."
"The mathematical basis for the method is developed and an illustrative example shows how the method would be applied to the design of a particular account system."
"We extend the model to allow the incumbent to acquire the entrant postinnovation and show that this reverses the Arrow effect."
"We adopt the generalized autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity model for the physical return process and estimate the model using the S&P 500 daily index returns and then deduce the forward-looking variance, skewness, and kurtosis of the corresponding cumulative return."
"The objective of this note is (i) to identify and briefly review some references not included in [El-Shaieb, A. M. 1973."
"We also find that increased prices only occur when the charitable donation is a percentage of the auction revenue, and that a fixed charitable donation associated with each auction has no effect on prices."
"Then it is shown for the stochastic case that the order of the items does not affect the production rate."
"In this paper we obtain the Laplace-Stieltjes transform of the time an arriving customer spends in an FBN queueing system until completion of service at the kth level (1 ≦ k ≦ N) given that at least k levels of service are required."
"We argue that the inherent uncertainty and ambiguity in subjective evaluation can lead to favorable ex post treatment for reputationally privileged competitors."
"This paper considers the problem of minimizing the number of nonsensitive itemsets lost while concealing sensitive ones."
"Ex ante, this raises banks’ cost of debt and depresses bankers’ incentives to monitor."
"The testing of several hypotheses in this setting indicates that managers who involve themselves with the MIS will appreciate the system, and that managers who are uninvolved will be unappreciative."
"We present several pre-processing methods and derive expressions for bounds on decision variables to facilitate solution."
"These predictions are empirically supported using cross-section industry level data from both the US and Japan."
"Robert E. Heiland and Wallace J. Richardson, New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc., 1957, 243 pp, $6.00—reviewed by M. Klein;—An Introduction to Combinatorial Analysis."
"Further tests suggest that our conclusions are not driven by endogeneity."
"Second, there are incentives for an organization to tolerate circumvention to an extent, even when education and enforcement are cheap."
"We consider a monopolist who does not have any marginal costs but has a product development cost quadratic in the quality level produced."
"The relations among the critical variables of the model are then specified in a series of propositions."
"One model suggests that disinformation countermeasures offer a promising technique for conserving secrets."
"On the one hand, new contributions in the areas already treated in the earlier survey are reviewed."
"Analysis of the descriptions indicated that the 114 variables reflect 24 basic dimensions of organizational effectiveness."
"This approach allowed the portfolio selection problem to be formulated as an integer linear program."
"Distributional equity is a particularly salient objective in public sector decision making, in general, and decision making concerning the delivery of public services such as education, libraries, sanitation, and public safety, in particular."
"We propose a method for incorporating the effects of variety seeking into the LB model formulation."
"With reference to previous publications on the advisability of defining an economic production range in case of batch production, it is pointed out that many industrial problems which involve optimization, may be characteristically similar."
"The insight for management: Professional forecasters should anticipate how a client with given risk aversion expects to gain from any given forecast, or forecast revision, before committing resources toward making a better informed forecast."
"Based on an extensive computational analysis, we found that (1) planned overtime is frequently beneficial, (2) more workers should be hired as worker variability increases, and (3) increases in overtime costs frequently yield a relatively lower percentage increase in total expected cost."
"Further close examination of search strategies reveals important insights: the number of generated solutions, a typical proxy for good problem-solving performance, does not consistently drive performance benefits across different levels of problem complexity."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc., 1963, $7.95, 368 pp—reviewed by Thomas C. Rowan;—Drucker, Peter F., Managing for results."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2575.This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"Service systems are typically limited resource environments where scarce capacity is reserved for the most urgent customers."
"This paper was accepted by Ashish Arora, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"We also show that the commonly observed high-low pricing strategy can be an optimal strategy for firms when buyers search for price information sequentially."
"In this paper, we present the results from analysing three real-life credit-risk data sets using neural network rule extraction techniques."
"Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2618.This paper was accepted by Teck-Hua Ho, behavioral economics."
"xiii plus 277 pages."
"The technique employed in the modeling and simulation effort was GERT, which was used because of its capability to incorporate the probabilistic outcomes and feedback loops common to R&D projects."
"We investigate how consumer uncertainty about product quality affects firms’ behavior-based pricing and customer acquisition and retention dynamics."
"More specifically, our estimates indicate that, although zones of high socioeconomic levels can exhibit reductions in mobility of around 50%–90% depending on the specific mobility metric used, these reductions are only 20%–50% for lower income communities."
"We study the online market for peer-to-peer (P2P) lending, in which individuals bid on unsecured microloans sought by other individual borrowers."
"This paper provides an answer to these questions."
"Experimentation with new components and new combinations leads to less useful inventions on average, but it also implies an increase in the variability that can result in both failure and breakthrough."
"The interactions may comprise flows of people, goods, materials, services, information, pollution, and the extent to which one activity stimulates or counteracts another including economy of scale and scarce resource effects."
"Using hierarchical log-linear modeling, we establish the link between problem-solving moves and productivity."
"186—reviewed by David H. Evans;—Statistical Analysis of Stationary Time Series, by Ulf Grenander and Murray Rosenblatt, New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc.; 1957; $11.00—reviewed by Simeon N. Berman."
"First, flexible capacity expansion is more cost-effective for safety improvement than rigid capacity, because it will only be used when occupancy reaches the tipping point."
"In many circumstances, evaluations are based on empirical data."
"In deciding how many units to dispatch to an incoming alarm of unknown seventy the fire department is faced with a dilemma: If too few units are sent initially the extra units needed will be delayed; if too many units are sent, the extra units make a needless response and are temporarily unavailable for subsequent alarms."
"Extensions of the model are made to include multiple processes."
"Leaders are, on average, unable to convert their first movers’ advantage into sustainable future profitability once we control for other determinants of profitability."
"Optimal solutions to numerical examples are presented."
"Individual discount rates were inferred from the responses, and then used to test competitively four hypotheses regarding the behavior of discount rates."
"Managers described 283 subordinate organization units in terms of 114 variables often mentioned as indicative of organizational effectiveness."
"Taken together, my findings suggest that corporate reporting can be influenced by executives’ social network position, with high-centrality CFOs using their social power to make adverse corporate reporting decisions to gain personal benefits."
"I exploit a natural experiment, where different labels remove DRM from their entire catalogue of music at different times, to examine whether relaxing an album’s sharing restrictions increases sales."
"This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"Thus, there is no prospect of future interaction to induce trusting behavior, and we study the trust-building process where there is little scope for social relations and networks."
"Corporate transparency reduces information asymmetries between firms and capital markets but increases the costs associated with information leakage to competitors."
"One of the most important aspects of the methodology concerned the use of a recent social systems design technology developed by Ralph H. Kilmann, which was applied to cluster (via multivariate analysis) the ideas contained in the scenarios on the future and the people who produced them into a strategic-planning design (from questionnaire data on individuals' task and people preferences)."
"Specifically, a platform increases the separation among products and offers a multitude of product introduction strategies."
"Abstracts of Logistics, Volume 1, edited by Murray A. Geisler."
"Above all, these exercises, including lectures on the philosophy of inquiring systems, were designed to make the participants more conscious of the different assumptions that different planners unconsciously bring with them to the planning process."
"We consider the problems associated with an inventory system in which demands for stock are of n classes of varying importance."
"Software vulnerabilities represent a serious threat to cybersecurity, most cyberattacks exploit known vulnerabilities."
"The reversed system is obtained by reversing the original stations' order, that is, every customer in the reversed system passes through the original stations in the reverse order."
"The authors examine the effect that incentive schemes have on the chosen combination of cognitive and labor effort."
"To optimize the expected performance of such systems as a function of several continuous input parameters (decision variables), we present a “scaled” stochastic approximation algorithm for finding the zero (root) of the gradient of the response function."
"The second approach, while not amenable to any easy computation of its rate matrix, renders itself to an efficient solution at the boundary, and provides a basis for waiting time analysis for low priority jobs."
"We use a number of proxies for the true mean variance efficient portfolio, allowing that the CAPM is the “wrong” model."
"We also assume that service times are identically distributed and independent of the server or facility."
"Our hypotheses and empirical results show that the interactive effect of firm-level and aggregate-level shocks are larger than the sum of the individual effects."
"In the case of the markets with a structured order, they find evidence supporting the theoretical prediction that information aggregation is slower when information is complementary."
"We use data from the daily deals industry to empirically identify the network effects, propose alternative allocation strategies stemming from our theoretical findings, and use simulations to show the benefits of these strategies."
"In this paper, we explore the locus of profitable pollution reduction."
"Hans Thorelli, ed."
"This paper presents a branch and fathom algorithm which is more efficient than the partial enumeration algorithm, and which significantly reduces the computational effort necessary to identify all feasible designs."
"We do so by analyzing the effects of the American Inventor’s Protection Act of 1999 (AIPA)—which required U.S. patent applications to be published 18 months after their filing date rather than at patent grant—on the timing of licensing deals in the biomedical industry."
"The simulation is composed of both nested and nonnested linear regression models."
"The linkage by the applied group beyond the immediate project team is often crucial."
"46 zloty—reviewed by Anatol Rapoport;—Lesourne, Jacques, “Le Calcul Economique,” Collection Sigma, Paris, Dunod, 29 F, pp."
"In particular, increases in unit evaluation cost, improvement in the quality of a fallback option, decreases in the total number of alternatives available or improvement in the precision of the final evaluation process all lead to more restrictive cutoffs at optimum."
"Finally, we show that the approach is robust to noise in the estimates for the probability parameters needed for its implementation."
"Furthermore, the demand noise distribution is nonparametric for some products but parametric for others."
"Interestingly and counter to intuition, the firm may have to charge a lower price for the old product as well as receive a lower profit with a higher value disposal (outside) option for the old product under single rollover."
"However, when the network configuration is such that series and parallel subprojects can be successively joined to give one project, a simpler method is available, which we wish to present here."
"failure"
"Cashiers Centre Etudes Rech."
"Quantitative estimates, including probabilities, are obtained for selected summary measures of adverse health effects."
"These processes can be mathematically described as discrete time parameter Markov chains with a finite number of states which have been “embedded” in continuous time in the sense that the time between transitions is a random variable whose probability distribution depends only on the states between which the transition takes place."
"The headquarters serves as the planner-coordinator of the capital budgeting process and is the only member of the organization which has access to the external capital markets."
"Are asymmetric NPD alliances win-win or win-lose partnerships?"
"Bids are usually more aggressive than the risk-neutral quantitative prediction, which is broadly consistent with risk aversion."
"However, even after accounting for differences in ticket quality, ticket prices vary by as much as 18% across OTAs."
"Such a capability would be an important tool for analyzing existing or proposed decision processes and would be useful for policy analysis at the level of both the firm and the federal government."
"The problem requires that a number of randomly functioning units be apportioned among randomly many points to maximize the probability that at least one unit functions at each point."
"In particular, we study a centralized system with one warehouse serving multiple retailers under advance demand information."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc., 1966, $9.75, 756 pp—reviewed by S. Benjamin Prasad;—Ch."
"The present paper shows that their formulations for static multi-attribute models (i.e., when assignments are time independent) can be reformulated either as standard assignment problems or as bottleneck assignment problems by suitably redefining the cost coefficients, with the result that optimal solutions with integer assignments can be guaranteed."
"Taken together, our results underscore the importance of teamwork among executives in the forecast generation process."
"This paper is a report of a study of innovation of consumer nondurable products."
"The selection of appropriate product strategies by firms must account for the expected long-run returns from the market a firm contemplates entering, relative to the expected long-run returns from the market it is currently serving."
"Data envelopment analysis (DEA) is an optimization method that allows benchmarking of “decision-making units” (DMUs) such as bank branches, school districts, and fast food franchises based on their inputs consumed and outputs produced."
"We do not use decision-analysis in the normative tradition."
"A risk assessment model is developed to relate adverse health effects to alternative carbon monoxide standards."
"We found substantial reluctance to bet against the success of preferred U.S. presidential candidates and Major League Baseball, National Football League, National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) basketball, and NCAA hockey teams."
"We study large-scale service systems with multiple customer classes and many statistically identical servers."
"Consequently, we also solve the continuous version of the cardinality bundling problem."
"277–293)."
"In particular, because of informational limitations, when designing cost systems, firms use simple rules of thumb to group similar resources into cost pools and to select drivers used to allocate the pooled costs to products."
"Studies of Portfolio Behavior; Cowles Monograph 20."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1869.This paper was accepted by Peter Wakker, decision analysis."
"This paper was accepted by Baris Ata, stochastic models and simulation."
"Computational methods are discussed and tested on small problems."
"We argue that this value-creation mechanism is more effective when customers face high switching costs and explore this prediction in the mobile telecommunications sector, using an exogenous policy change (mobile number portability) that suddenly decreases customer switching costs."
"The present note interprets that procedure as the solution of the parametric dual to the linear programming formulation of the problem."
"The probabilistic aspect considered is that only a subset of all potential customers needs service on any given working day."
"This paper is concerned with developing long-range planning models of transportation systems to assist planners in assessing the impact of various levels of service in a transportation network."
"The problem considered in this paper is that of allocating a budget of resources among the links of a network for the purpose of increasing its flow capacity relative to given sources and sinks."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Payoffs for staying out are either positive, giving rise to the domain of gains, or negative, giving rise to the domain of losses."
"The educational and institutional aspects of the future of OR are also examined."
"We provide various theoretical and empirical results on the extent to which the AHP can be considered a reliable decision-making procedure in terms of the modern theory of subjective measurement."
"All these coordination schemes fit comfortably within an emerging practice called supply chain finance, which includes the organization and technology needed to implement them."
"We first find that, because of the joint effect of limited production capacity and self-impelled recovery effort, the firm with a lower demand forecast benefits more from BI insurance than that with a higher demand forecast."
"But do books sales suffer if some readers hate a book while others love it?"
"At the same time, firms can observe and exploit their customers’ monitoring behavior."
"The model presented corresponds to the problem of determining an optimal portfolio for an individual bank over several time periods in accordance with requirements laid down by bank examiners which are interpreted as defining limits within which the level of risk associated with the return on the portfolio is an acceptable one."
"Management Sci.29 (August) 927–941.)"
"An observational analysis of customers queuing at a grocery store, and four online studies in which participants waited in virtual queues, revealed that waiting in last place diminishes wait satisfaction while increasing the probabilities of switching and abandoning queues, with detrimental implications for queuing systems."
"The movement of information technology (IT) workers among firms is believed to be an important mechanism by which IT-related innovations diffuse throughout the economy."
"We find the same pattern in individual boxing matches, with past country-level performance having a stronger effect on subjective boxing outcomes (judges’ decisions) than objective boxing outcomes (knockouts).Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.2144.This paper was accepted by Jesper Sørensen, organizations."
"This study examines an aspect of competitive interactions that has attracted increasing research attention: the relationship between deterrence and competitive reputations."
"Importantly, we highlight a simple intuition based on stability that highlights when and why data pooling offers a benefit, elucidating this perhaps surprising phenomenon."
"This paper considers a class of algorithms for solving quadratic programming problems."
"By deferring product assignments, a firm is able to obtain more information about demand for each specific product before deciding which product to assign to consumers."
"Any of us would hope that we had indeed added to the extension and unification of knowledge with the spirit if not the genius of Galileo, as he exemplified those qualities perhaps best of all in his last work, Dialogues on the Two New Sciences."
"This paper was accepted by Anandhi Bharadwaj, information systems."
"Man-machine communications consoles."
"While it is often presumed that the performance of freelancers is largely portable across organizations, it is also possible that a given worker’s performance may vary across organizations if he or she develops firm-specific skills and knowledge over time."
"New York 1, N. Y. (An Abstract Service; $60.00 for 12 monthly issues.)—reviewed by Paul Peach;—Allgemeine Methodenlehre der Statistik, by Prof. Dr. Johann Ppanzagl, Walter de Gruyter & Co., Berlin 1960, 205 pp.,"
"The benefits of early detection of hypertension and the subsequent design of follow-up treatment programs are well documented."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"We are able to draw managerial insights on how agility considerations may invalidate well-established and widely accepted qualitative results derived from traditional models."
"With quotas set over short time horizons, the high-performing salespeople focus mainly on low-ticket products, resulting in a decrease in both sales volume and the sale of high-ticket products, thus reducing the firm’s profits."
"By shutting off its ads, Firm Vary lost customers, but only 63% as many as a nonexperimental estimate would have suggested."
"The problem simultaneously determines an optimal partitioning of the whole network into clusters (local networks) and hub locations in each cluster."
"We propose a two-station game with all customers present at the start of service and deterministic service times, and we find that strategic customers “herd,” that is, in equilibrium all customers choose the same route."
"There are two types of equipment available to the firm: an expensive general-purpose equipment and a cheaper specialized equipment which could provide only one of the services."
"$3.00—reviewed by Gilbert Teal;—Conceptual Foundations of Business, Richard Eells and Clarence Walton."
"The factor settings allowed a variety of representative plants to be tested with a large scale simulator."
"We also investigate a procedure for calibrating the static model based on this improved time-space representation."
"In this study the weighted lp norm is fitted to a certain commonly occurring class of layout patterns."
"We study how the structure of the firms' cost functions drives our results."
"These norms are then carried over into atypical situations beyond the reach of the institution."
"The five methods are (1) multiple linear and non-linear regression analyses of ten and fifteen holistic assessments, (2) direct decomposed tradeoffs as proposed by Keeney and Raiffa (Keeney, R. L., H. Raiffa."
"2, No."
"Market Madness?"
"It is called the Bayes-equivalent of the original game."
"We examine the role of general counsel (GC) in firms' financial reporting quality."
"We conduct a representative survey to study opinions on quotas for female managers and, based upon the survey, design a novel set of experiments to investigate how quotas influence wage setting and effort provision."
"To model consumer responses to direct marketing, this study proposes Bayesian networks learned by evolutionary programming."
"Stability means (roughly) that the system returns to the equilibrium after a perturbation, assuming the customers base their join/balk decisions on previous prices."
"Moreover, we find that offering callbacks as a demand postponement strategy during periods of temporary congestion reduces average online waiting time by up to 86%, increases service quality by up to 54%, and increases system throughput by up to 2.1%.This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"We conduct two experiments on two different sets of participants."
"Our setting is the auto retail industry; we analyze how automotive dealerships adjust prices to inventory levels under varying degrees of market power."
"The cost of a stockout is taken to consist of a fixed cost per unit out of stock plus a variable cost which is proportional to the time out of stock."
"We discuss the implications of our findings for academics and retail managers."
"Comparison with results obtained by other researchers to these test problems is, therefore, not valid."
"failure"
"Many companies offer websites that enable customers to design their own individual products, which the manufacturer can then produce to order."
"Secondly, it attempts to identify the organizational factors and the ‘integration’ factors (operationalized as staff integrative linkages) that result in better program performance for the two programs."
"We analyze this by studying how the diffusion of an electronic channel affected geographic trading patterns and price dispersion in the wholesale used vehicle market from 2003 to 2008."
"Using probabilistic models, we characterize search behavior at the individual level in terms of (1) depth of search, (2) dynamics of search, and (3) activity of search."
"We find broad support for the predicted volatility effects."
"However, if (1) the supply chain structure allows for postponement, i.e., the ability to delay orders at a certain cost by the retailer, and (2) the manufacturer has informational uncertainty about the retailer’s capacity, then truthful information exchange may emerge in equilibrium, where the manufacturer transmits his true forecast and the retailer treats the transmission as truthful."
"Although firms value the IT experience of IT professionals, they value an MBA significantly more."
"We shall not here go much beyond a discussion of some mathematical models which deal only with the day-to-day problem a bakery sales force faces in attempting to “properly” supply its regular customers with a single product."
"We analyze five series of intraday arrivals for call centers operated by a retail bank in the United Kingdom."
"In the GM model, for a given lottery, agents form anticipated expected payoffs and the set of possible anticipations is assumed to be exogenously fixed."
"Researchers have quantified the organizational cost of change such as employee attrition, and hiring and firing costs and training costs from loss of productivity as an organization changes direction."
"It is well, at this time, on appearance of the first issue of Series B to review the aims of the Institute and suggest the directions that this journal, as presently constituted, is expected to follow."
"Dockless bike sharing provides a convenient and affordable means of transport for urban residents."
"Each filter is constructed under a different assumption about the output's steady-state mean."
"There is evidence, however, that a substantive proportion of randomly drawn plan initiations are associated with pending adverse news disclosures."
"We measure the relationship between the variation in national-brand purchase shares and five store-specific marketing mix factors: prices, assortment shares, features, displays, and promotion intensity."
"For either market structure, we find that emissions charges near $30 per tonne of CO2 would be the break-even value for adopting CCS capabilities at new coal-fired power plants."
"Our analysis provides the intuition behind these findings in terms of three main drivers of integration value: arrival pooling, the substitution effect, and the correlation effect."
"We illustrate a dynamic pricing approach that allows managers to derive optimal marketing policies in a computationally convenient manner and extend this approach to a competitive, multiproduct case."
"Hypotheses are derived regarding the relative sensitivity of judged probabilities, buying prices, and selling prices to case- versus class-based evidence."
"Routing problems appear frequently when dealing with the operation of communication or transportation networks."
"The insight for management: The introduction of consumer rebates can serve as an enticement for retailers to sell, not just for consumers to buy."
"We show that a front-running strategy that trades S&P 500 futures in the direction of the announcement a day before its release and then trades in the opposite direction of the announcement following its release generates an average annual return of close to 8%."
"The derivative returns are modelled as convex piecewise linear or—by using a delta–gamma approximation—as (possibly nonconvex) quadratic functions of the returns of the derivative underliers."
"It describes the first experiment of the RAND Logistics Systems Laboratory, which was concerned with testing a series of logistics policies in a detailed man-machine simulation."
"This paper presents a simple axiomatic model of nonneutral attitudes toward uncertainty and a behavioral test for uncertainty aversion that is applicable even if utility is state dependent."
"We study this question in the context of the software industry, an environment where evidence of the efficacy of IPR as a mechanism to appropriate the returns from innovation has been mixed."
"In this paper we analyze the problem of operating a network of plants under conditions of free trade and exchange rate fluctuations, when the firms that compose it are partially-owned subsidiaries of an MNC."
"In this paper, we first give a survey of the newly developed branch and bound methods for solving MOMIP problems."
"After accounting for project scope, implementation horizon and whether delays are anticipated, we find that project delay is primarily influenced by the magnitude of downstream rework and downstream delay: the magnitude of both upstream and downstream rework significantly increases downstream delay, which significantly increases project delay."
"For a period of time, e-mails announcing new submissions to the Internet Engineering Task Force would replace individual author names with “et al.”"
"One might intuit that a firm will offer higher quality if its high efficiency is known to consumers than if its efficiency is not known, because it will no longer need to convince consumers that it is not the inefficient firm."
"Unexpectedly, these cost reductions are sometimes achieved through increasing overall inventory levels in the supply chain."
"Four heuristics have been tested on a number of different demand scenarios over a number of random trials for four different leadtime distributions."
"In this paper, we evaluate the benefits of the ABD program and characterize the optimal discount price that maximizes the retailer’s expected profit."
"Management Sci.37 801–812.)"
"Several authors have noticed independently that special cases and variants of the problem can be solved exactly by surprisingly simple, finite algorithms."
"The authors explore geographic clustering as an alternative strategy for controlling managerial agency costs within the chain form of organization."
"This note provides the methodology to construct a set of indifference curves that permit the exact determination of the optimal inventory level in a system where items are restocked one at a time and unsatisfied demand is lost."
"Process flexibility results from being able to build different types of products in the same plant or production facility at the same time."
"$3.00—reviewed by A. Vazsonyi;—Statistics of Deadly Quarrels, Lewis Fry Richardson."
"We investigate the growth strategies of hedge fund firms."
"The insight for management: Limited strategic thinking rather than equilibrium reasoning may be a better explanation for naïve moviegoer behavior."
"Our evidence shows that overconfident managers are more likely to issue rate-increasing PSD than regular debt."
"We show that the social loss is minimized when patch-release and update cycles are synchronized."
"This paper was accepted by Gad Allon, operations management."
"The set covering location problem and the maximal covering location problem are examined in the proposed modeling framework."
"Structured finance boomed during the run-up to the 2008 financial crisis."
"In experiments with both undergraduates and MBA students, the authors show that teams formed by three women are significantly outperformed by all other gender combinations."
"An empirical application of the proposed approach in the context of consumers' choices of different primary health care physicians in a rural area reveals that the brand-specific component substantially improves the validity of the multi-attribute model."
"Postsignal terms engage her after the signal, allowing her to make use of the information and purchase additional stock efficiently based on the forecast signal."
"Similarly, they find excess selling one penny above round numbers."
"Our estimates indicate that over the last two decades, productivity spillovers from the IT investments of other firms transmitted through this channel have contributed 20%–30% as much to productivity growth as firms' own IT investments."
"The active money management industry is characterized by both strong competitive pressure from passive investment vehicles and high fees."
"Despite this, however, biases are generally present in ordinary least squares (OLS) estimates of beta."
"Just as the marginal cost of producing software can be effectively zero, so can the marginal cost of repairing multiple copies of defective software by issuing patches."
"reports the principal findings of the ADVISOR 2 project, in which regression models are used to explain levels of advertising and marketing expenditures by industrial product manufacturers."
"This paper reports on the application of stochastic programming with recourse to strategic planning decisions regarding resource acquisition."
"We conduct a Bayesian comparison of multiple behavioral models, which shows that participants’ behavior is best described by a class of threshold-based models that contains the theoretically optimal strategy."
"A method is presented to determine the optimal sample size, interval between samples, and critical region parameter for the Hotelling T2 control chart."
"We find that employing a flexible staffing rule can significantly reduce the number of operational risk events by 3.2%–10% under different scenarios."
"The most accurate heuristic is the near-myopic heuristic which averages 0.5% form optimal across all leadtime distributions with a maximum error of 4.7%."
"$7.50 (paper);—Schultz, Raymond G. (Editor), Readings in Financial Management (Second Edition)."
"We show that the performance loss due to the uncertainty in task types can be significant and, interestingly, that the system’s stability region is largely dependent on the rate at which information about tasks’ types is generated."
"In this paper, a risk-neutral manufacturer sells a single product to a risk-neutral retailer."
"This paper was accepted by Rakesh Sarin, decision analysis."
"The historical background from which these languages developed is discussed first."
"A greedy upper bounding and Lagrangean relaxation algorithm are developed to solve this efficiently."
"In modern business and society, there are rapidly growing demands for constructing analytically valid databases that also are secure and protect sensitive information to meet customer and public expectations, to minimize financial losses, and to comply with privacy regulations and laws."
"First, we show that any quadratic function can be expressed as a sum of particular quadratic functions whose minima can be computed by a simple branch and bound algorithm."
"We leverage the policy changes in the United States and Canada to understand the impact of mandated reporting induced operational transparency on alleviating the extent of drug shortages."
"A common finding is that no customer can attain a benefit which improves on that which would result from arriving exactly at time 0 and being last in line."
"We consider a monopolistic firm selling two substitutable products to a stream of sequential arrivals whose purchase decisions can be influenced by earlier purchases."
"This implies that it may be suboptimal to expect shorter delays as a result of a capacity increase, and that task variability reduction may not be an appropriate goal in systems with discretionary task completion."
"In Part II, additional theory is developed that facilitates computational implementation, and one possible general-purpose algorithm for a digital computer is given."
"It is shown that nursing costs are lower under the work load-based system than under the patient-based one."
"Several actual model implementations are discussed which illustrate the practical application of the integer programming models."
"$6.50—reviewed by William Gomberg;—Work Improvement."
"Professors Leff (Management Science, Vol."
"We introduce and evaluate the effectiveness of temptation bundling—a method for simultaneously tackling two types of self-control problems by harnessing consumption complementarities."
"Despite the obvious benefits that this brings, the supplier may be reluctant to collaborate because he fears revealing his proprietary cost information."
"Market share increases were also significantly correlated with improvements in manufacturing agility (R2 = 4%)."
"A doctoral degree is associated with increased recombination breadth for all groups of inventors."
"The right to retain the number lowers the switching cost for a consumer."
"A numerical illustration is provided."
"1965."
"Unfortunately, existing “fee-upon-sale” types of e-waste regulation fail to motivate manufacturers to design for recyclability."
"Although our inverse optimization model is nonconvex, we derive a closed-form solution and present the geometric intuition."
"The role of managers is also debated."
"The analysis relies on a game theoretic model."
"This article develops a method for drawing samples from a distribution with no finite quantiles or moments."
"However, an infinite number of comparisons is involved when the distributions under consideration are continuous."
"Finally, variations in the risk premium do not appear to be related to variations in the variance of equity returns."
"Most models of ambiguity aversion satisfy the Anscombe–Aumann monotonicity axiom."
"Yet some factors important to the use of models do not emerge in the short term."
"failure"
"Motivated by this need, we develop simulation-based methods for estimating sensitivities of inventory costs with respect to policy parameters."
"Implicit in the formulation is an interpretation of the decision process which is not sequential."
"The author outlines a new theory linking industry structure to optimal employment contracts and executive short-termism."
"We also consider static, myopic controls that are simpler to implement, and we analytically establish conditions under which these policies perform optimally."
"This surprising result holds for all demand distributions with bounded first and second moments."
"Comparison of execution times for the three algorithms shows the constant increment (CI) to be generally more efficient."
"It turns out that the estimation problems have a close relationship to some minimum cost network flow models in Operations Research."
"We then show how to determine optimal office pool predictions that maximize the expected number of points earned in the pool."
"$5.50 (paper);—Lishan, John M. and Crary, David T. (Editors), The Investment Process."
"These results are robust to instrumental variable methods and alternative coding of variables."
"In effect, by shielding retail firms from excessive supplier exploitation, uniform pricing regulations create a richer and more transparent information environment."
"His system consists of a dynamic programming decision model based upon successively revised forecasts of a key unknown variable and on the probability distribution of forecast changes."
"This is the first paper that incorporates transportation costs into auctions in a complex supply network."
"Our results contribute to the burgeoning literature on health information technology and the debate on the impact of privacy regulation on technology innovation."
"Friendships increase the probability of successful funding, lower interest rates on funded loans, and are associated with lower ex post default rates."
"Our results indicate that incentive effects arising from MSPs leads to losses in service chain value, and we provide the first evidence that a basic pay-per-service plan—under which risk of equipment failure is borne by the operator—can improve performance and reduce costs."
"This paper shows that Fulkerson's algorithm can be given a structural interpretation using concepts that are familiar to civil engineers."
"It is found that models which regress either the before-tax yield or the after-tax yield of governments on the number of days remaining to maturity and the square of the logarithm of the number of days remaining to maturity can fruitfully be applied to actual market data in determining yield curves."
"Dynamic Pricing Competition with Strategic Customers Under Vertical Product Differentiation (p. 84)Qian Liu, Dan ZhangWhat to buy, and when to buy it?"
"Our work also contributes to the message-framing literature in considering competition as a novel addition to the altruism–egoism dichotomy oft explored in public good settings."
"MMIS are information systems [Mason, Richard O., Ian I. Mitroff."
"We study the impacts of social interactions on competing firms’ quality differentiation, pricing decisions, and profit performance."
"In a field study, the concept of intrinsic risk attitude is investigated."
"However, the best of the heuristics exceeds the optimal in cost by an average of only 0.02%, at about 0.5% of the computational cost of dynamic programming."
"We present evidence on components of productivity change in the public accounting industry toward the end of the 20th century."
"The conventional measure of learning, cumulative output, significantly overstates the persistence of learning."
"Levy and Kroll have developed stochastic dominance rules with borrowing and lending (SDR)."
"This paper was accepted by Peter Wakker, decision analysis."
"Despite bank-dependent acquirers being more susceptible to hold-up, banks do not impose higher loan pricing or more stringent nonprice terms on them."
"New York: M.I.T. Press and John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1961, $18.00, 464 pp—reviewed by Harvey M. Wagner;—Smith, George Albert Jr. Business, society and the individual."
"A management science approach to planning freedom—A Rejoinder."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1961, 220 pp."
"Given the probability distribution of γ(t) and the replacement cost R(c, t) when γ(t) = c, we discuss optimal replacement using two different procedures:(1) replacement at a fixed age(2) replacement when the cost-density reaches a given valueExpressions are derived for the resulting costs incurred in using either procedure over a long period of time."
"We consider a one-warehouse, N-retailer, multiperiod, stock allocation problem in which holding costs are identical at each location and no stock is received from outside suppliers for the duration of the planning horizon."
"The JERO model maximizes the uncertainty set’s size and so obtains solutions that—unlike those derived from models dedicated strictly to robust optimization—are immune to parameter perturbations that would violate constraints or lead to objective function values exceeding their desired levels."
"By adopting these MOEs as criteria, it will be easier for the government to redesign those aspects of its regulation of the Coast Guard which curtail incentives."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"In this paper, we propose a new approach to optimal stopping wherein the policy is represented as a binary tree, in the spirit of naturally interpretable tree models commonly used in machine learning."
"We develop a model, consistent with these observations, in which discretionary compensation payments to managers might increase firm value or might simply enrich managers at the expense of shareholders."
"Advertising attained its maximum effect after several months."
"The literature approaches such problems by forming an optimal portfolio of activities."
"The paper presents a method for solving the linear programming problems, which is itself a step towards the generalization of the classical Simlex Method."
"Using revenue and human resource data from 64 of the 100 largest public accounting firms in the United States for the 1995–1999 period, we analyze productivity change, technical progress, and relative efficiency change over time."
"Split or Steal?"
"As a continuation of research, the second phase of the allowance estimation problem was a logical area for investigation."
"By developing a forecasting loss function for an example, the prior cost of uncertainty is first determined."
"An algorithm is given to test the stability of the models in cases where predetermined smoothing parameters are used."
"This atypicality, if well balanced, has a positive effect on the individual movie’s box office."
"For the problems encountered, optimal integer solutions to set partitioning problems with thousands of binary variables have been achieved in less than a minute."
"An optimal inspection policy is a sequence of inspection times which minimizes the average cost per inspection cycle relative to some cost model."
"We focus upon the capacitated lot sizing problem (CLSP), which deals with planning production on a single, capacitated machine serving multiple items with dynamic demands."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"We show that in systems with discretionary task completion, (i) adding capacity may actually increase congestion, and (ii) task variability in service time can improve system performance."
"One field in which there has been increasing effort to deal with performance problems is that of transit."
"We use the model to present empirical results about the sizes of the stockpiles as a function of disruption probabilities, tariff policies and cooperation versus noncooperation between nations."
"Based on the matrix, the optimal time allocation in the curriculum was solved."
"In the October 1969 issue of Management Science, Professor Warren Hausman presented a framework for analysis of sequential decision problems of a recurring nature (“Sequential Decision Problems: A Model to Exploit Existing Forecasters,” pp."
"Empirical results for several queueing models demonstrate that the bias reduction can be substantial for small values of t."
"We consider the problem of portfolio selection for a risk averse investor wishing to allocate his resources among several investment opportunities in order to maximize the expected utility of final wealth."
"However, the “smoothing” benefits disappear if he can borrow and save."
"Subjective time estimates in critical path planning—A preliminary analysis."
"We study the flexibility of players (plants) on a baseball team who produce innings-played at different positions (products)."
"Objectives include minimizing transportation costs (approaching $100 million annually) while maintaining equitable man and equipment workload distribution, safety standards, and customer service, and satisfying equipment compatibility restrictions."
"This study proposes and evaluates five different strategies for treating nervousness caused by the interaction of lot-sizing decisions and the planning horizon."
"This paper extends the theoretical literature on firms' optimal information strategies to the situation when a firm's management attention capacity to process available data is scarce."
"Our analytical and empirical results, obtained by tracking real-world online auctions, indicate that bid increment is an important factor amongst the control factors that online auctioneers can manipulate and control."
"The cost-quality response surface is explored through a sequential sensitivity analysis."
"The impact of a decision calculus model on decision quality is assessed in a laboratory setting."
"Though past research has shown that conflict may improve organizational decision making, business executives may have very different perceptions of the effects of conflict than executives of not-for-profit organizations."
"Case 2 assumes the model is used by both competitors, but neither will fly a market if losses are encountered."
"The model entails a principal-agent problem between central and local supervisors that leads to tougher supervisory standards but less compliance on the side of the supervised banks."
"We show how to optimally solve a large-market formulation with more than 868 types of students and 77 schools, and we translate the solution into a finite-market mechanism that significantly outperforms the baseline plan chosen by the city in terms of efficiency, equity, and predictability."
"It employs recent developments in set-partitioning and includes a computer code which makes it possible to handle design problems of realistic proportions."
"This error does not change the end result that their model is a contradiction, however it is much earlier to see this fact with the Boolean formulation than with a verbal presentation only."
"The results regarding the universality question are equivocal—findings varied across cultural groups in most cases."
"The results confirm the theoretical model."
"We provide extensive experimental results based on the data of a manufacturer of semiconductor devices."
"Expected utility theory is widely acknowledged to be a rational approach to making decisions involving risk."
"An appropriate program will be provided for ladies."
"Analyzing 147,000 choices over six years, we find that individuals do respond to negative news by using the focal production tool less often."
"failure"
"The principle is first illustrated on a problem of group ideal point estimation."
"The retailer sets an initial stocking quantity and, at some predetermined point in the season, optimally marks down remaining inventory."
"We compare the performance of our model with other models on a separate validation data set."
"The exercise of the option is accompanied by an acquisition of the venture."
"Over the last 10 or so years, there has been a growth of interest in the general phenomenon of the spread of bank failure through a network of interbank obligations."
"Empirical evidence lends support to the hypothesis that setting a bid increment higher than that suggested by the heuristic decision rule has a negative impact on the auctioneer's revenue."
"Volume is strikingly higher, in both economic and statistical terms, when the stock price crosses either the upper or lower limit of its past trading range."
"Oath taking for senior executives has been promoted as a means to enhance honesty within and toward organizations."
"However, the productivity effects are less clear cut when participants have prior experience with the baseline condition."
"Relative to standard models, the paper provides an alternative interpretation of real and nominal bond risks."
"One of the major contributions to the planning and management of Research and Development organizations is the evolution of methods for dealing with PERT-Cost or CPM-Cost problems."
"Players may learn more about recognizing problems for future attention than about solutions of problems that can be applied in new situations."
"Risk vulnerability is shown to be equivalent to the slope of the mean variance indifference curve being decreasing in mean and increasing in variance."
"The other key conclusion is that, when the total amount of storage space also is a decision variable, the overall optimal solution commonly follows a storage bowl phenomenon whereby the allocation of buffer storage space fits an inverted bowl pattern."
"This planning problem is a linear programming problem that we illustrate using representative data."
"Subjects were asked to evaluate hypothetical college applicants on the basis of verbal SAT, quantitative SAT, high-school grade point average, and a measure of extra-curricular activity."
"A computational algorithm is first given for time-only networks; then two computational formulations are given for cost-time network of project subnetworks."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"For the last four decades the preferred economic philosophy in much of Latin America was that of import-substituting industrialization."
"These individuals recorded ∼2,000 additional steps daily during the incentive period, and benefits persisted for six months after incentives ended."
"Between one-fifth and one-third of all returns are not due to defect, but simply because the product does not meet the needs of the consumer."
"We further investigate how differences among managers are associated with goal levels."
"To minimize the impact of technology uncertainty, we consider two approaches to design flexibility, termed parallel path and sufficient design, which allow the firm to concurrently develop its products while the technology is being validated."
"The scheduling method is dynamic and uses the ages of items in each queue, as well as the queue statistics, to decide which queue to service next."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at https://doi.org/http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1758This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"However, these programs seldom give the minimum-cost values of Q and r, since they usually employ the Wilson Economic Order Quantity."
"20, No."
"failure"
"The second station is assumed to be on the driver's route so that no extra cost is involved in choosing it."
"These results suggest that project delay is under managerial control as cooperative planning is a managerial function that reduces downstream rework, while uncertainty from a lack of experience with the design affecting upstream rework is not directly under managerial control."
"Customer service level is measured by a function of the times when the jobs are delivered to the customers."
"In an incomplete-information game, uncertainty may surround the attributes as well as the strategic intentions of opposing players."
"How do optimal detailing levels for a firm change with the adoption of DTCA?"
"Pooling the capacity of nearby hospitals in our sample reduces the number of deaths due to high occupancy by 34%.This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"Because of the health and economic costs of childhood obesity, coupled with studies suggesting the benefits of comprehensive intervention (dietary changes, physical activity, and behavioral counseling), the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recently recommended childhood screening and intervention for obesity beginning at age 6."
"When demands of the end products are variable from period to period, the production volumes of the intermediate stages in the manufacturing process are also variable."
"This paper describes a phenomenon called “locally rational” decision-making, in which the mere presence of information may have dysfunctional consequences even if decision makers do not process the information incorrectly."
"The results show that our model performs better than all the other models compared both at predicting customer lifetime value and in targeting valuable customers."
"The authors conclude that art has appreciated in value by a moderate 3.97% per year, in real U.S. dollar terms, between 1957 and 2007—a performance similar to that of corporate bonds—at much higher risk."
"Some approaches for determining appropriate sample sizes in such experiments are also discussed."
"In this paper, we propose to solve the BSP problem under a discrete choice model using only the first and second moments of customer valuations."
"Management Sci."
"It is assumed that there is a date of obsolescence for the item with no demands occurring after this date."
"Hillier's algorithm was the most accurate but much slower and more core demanding than the other two, which makes it difficult or impossible to use for solving large 0-1 problems."
"The variability of behavior within each group suggests caution in widespread application of performance information systems."
"Channel stuffing allows a manager to report sales in excess of demand in order to influence investors' valuation of the firm."
"The paper is concerned with the optimum routing of a fleet of gasoline delivery trucks between a bulk terminal and a large number of service stations supplied by the terminal."
"This paper develops and applies a prelaunch model and measurement system to the marketing planning of a new automobile."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"Using the new LDR approximation, we can transform the distributionally adaptive robust optimization problem to a classical robust optimization problem with an SOC representable uncertainty set."
"The organization structure of the firm has been the subject of diverse research approaches."
"Resource-sharing problems with a similar cost structure exist in a variety of other domains, and the insights gained here are expected to extend to those scenarios as well."
"These models are related to well-known scheduling problems, which have been studied in both offline and online settings."
"A comparison of the two indices reveals that typically the Banzhaf index gives a more concentrated power distribution."
"The brevity of this statement hardly permits a position to be presented fully let alone defended adequately."
"More than 2,400 participants made forecasts on 261 events over two seasons of a geopolitical prediction tournament."
"In a paper which appeared in the 1957 edition of this journal (Weinwurm, Ernest H. 1957."
"We define relational styles as systematically reoccurring patterns of interaction employed by social actors within and across exchange relationships—in this paper, between microfinance clients and loan officers."
"With regard to partner characteristics, while partner alliance experience positively influences the financial gains for the larger firm, it has no significant effect on the financial returns for the smaller firm."
"Professor Weinwurm suggests that the use of mathematics in management science may so dominate a given model as to cause the disregard of vital human values."
"1963."
"The formulation does not include any restrictive hypothesis on the structure of costs."
"Details of such a procedure are given for the Simple Plant Location Problem."
"The model is a valid alternative to the conventional production lot size (ELQ) model which only accounts for the finished product inventory."
"To form this pool, forecasts with low and high means, or cumulative distribution function (cdf) values, are trimmed away from a linear opinion pool."
"1959."
"This paper is concerned with the rate of diffusion of flexible manufacturing systems, one of the most important industrial applications of information technology."
"We propose a dynamic portfolio choice model with the mean-variance criterion for log returns."
"Effective competition for a firm with diverse R&D-intensive businesses may often call for a capability to support concurrently multiple levels of internal interdependencies and to reject, create, or modify this set of interdependencies as the situation warrants."
"In this paper, a model is developed which is consistent with both these facts."
"Sociologists and organizational theorists have long claimed that the processes of knowledge creation and distribution are fundamentally social."
"We consider a multiperiod single product pricing problem with an unknown demand curve."
"In each sequence of periods, a number of different incentive mechanisms based on the agent's communication and/or outcome are considered."
"This paper was accepted by Preyas Desai, marketing."
"Drawing on social value orientation (SVO) theory, we develop a novel set of alternative feedback message framings, aligned with cooperation (e.g., your content benefited others), individualism (e.g., your content was of high quality), and competition (e.g., your content was better than others)."
"FABLE is a ‘laser’ type, depth-first, branch-and-bound algorithm, with logic designed for very fast achievement of feasibility, ensuring a feasible solution to any line of 1000 or even more tasks."
"Investigating a potential explanation of the violations, study 3 suggests that the certainty effect plays a major role."
"Combining these results with variance results of Goldsman and Meketon, we obtain explicit asymptotic approximations for mse, optimal batch size, optimal mse, and robustness for four quadratic-form estimators of the variance of the sample mean."
"not the more commonly used patent references, are a better measure of knowledge originating from public research."
"However, it seems that the new patrons, attracted by quality racing, tend to wager less than those who attend regularly."
"An arriving customer facing stockout will either backorder or withdraw its order."
"Further analysis of interaction-level data from banking and quick-service restaurants reveals that customers report relatively consistent satisfaction across transactions with particular firms but that some customers are habitually more satisfied than others."
"These findings imply that inventory reduction served as an important driver of process improvement for many Japanese automotive companies, although some firms emphasized other methods."
"This is done in Theorems III, IV and V. As an introduction, certain previously available results about the present value function are stated and proved as Theorems I and II."
"Perfect aggregation in Bayesian system reliability analysis has been shown to be extremely unlikely."
"We examine the simultaneous management of hedge funds and funds of hedge funds."
"However, as conformance quality increases, the cost of improving response-focused EQ also increases, suggesting that these dimensions might compete for resources."
"A mathematical model of a military manpower system is presented which seeks to determine the optimal steady state wage rate and force distribution by length of service."
"The shortest routes between any two points in the system are given and a demand for one or several products is specified for a number of stations within the distribution system."
"In addition, reusers in the more (versus less) innovative cases redefined problems at the outset in nontraditional ways using analogies and extensions, rather than accepting the preexisting problem definition; used a substantially broader search strategy with a greater variety of search methods; and worked more closely with adapters during the latter stages of the reuse process."
"Optimizing a single stage problem results in satisfying the “local” optimality conditions."
"These results suggest that small banks, which do not benefit from deep internal capital markets, face economically meaningful frictions in accessing external interbank markets to fund loans."
"Books Received"
"Websites typically provide several links on each page visited by a user."
"We suggest two new intermediate categories of generalizability between the extremes of “everything is the same” and “everything is different.”"
"New York: George Braziller, Inc., 1967, 150 pp.,"
"Contrary to a standard assumption, the rectangular distance function is inferior to the simple Euclidean metric in the urban samples."
"Report of the First National Meeting, Institute of Management Sciences, October 21–22, 1954, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania."
"In the second stage, the followers, knowing the leader's output, react to this level according to the Cournot assumption."
"These games were used in an experiment with a class of Yale seniors as the subjects."
"We propose a tractable and flexible portfolio choice model where market crashes can trigger switching into another regime with a different investment opportunity set."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2566.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"The approach is illustrated to evaluate the consolidated foreign claims of 10 European Union countries."
"These results support the reported empirical performance of these policies."
"The new model is shown to be NP-hard in the strong sense and a branch-and-bound procedure is provided for its solution."
"Using Williamson's (1971) control loss model, the relative merits of dual hierarchies (P. B. Evans [Evans, P. B. 1975."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"Behavioral regularities explain the structure of optimal service policies and limit the value of responsive service."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2930.This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"We find that industries where private equity funds invest grow more quickly in terms of total production and employment and appear less exposed to aggregate shocks."
"Data-processor requirements in production and inventory control."
"This model provides a significant advantage when one has insufficient data for any one customer and wishes to generalize learning about one customer’s preferences to the population."
"This paper reports on a field test of various approaches for obtaining and quantifying subjective estimates of preference for academic outcomes in terms of a small set of university planning variables."
"Our research shows that this match is less likely to be achieved by long-tenured CEO's than by their counterparts with less tenure."
"The present paper uses individual preferences to assess fairness when benefits and risks are aggregated within groups or over the population."
"The insight for management: Entrepreneurs experience a short-term dip in income after joining a start-up but generally catch up after four quarters."
"With the direct methods, the information from a single simulation can be used to estimate multiple derivatives along with a security's price."
"An existing algorithm for the GAP is modified to take advantage of the special structure of these facility location problems, and computational results are reported."
"We compare utility incentives when rewards are based upon Q̂ to those under the current pass-fail regime."
"This result is robust to allowing the firm to make reports more informative and to imposing a nondisclosure cost or penalty on the firm."
"This paper is an account of an attempt to apply certain techniques of management science to some of these scheduling problems as they were found to exist on a large terminal switching railroad."
"MAT is a construction technique utilizing the distances between all pairs of locations and the loads transported between all pairs of facilities per unit time to approximate the optimal allocation of the facilities to the locations."
"The author introduces a scaled cash-flow factor that results from the interaction between cash-flow news and lagged values of market dividend yield or consumer price index inflation."
"We use a decision-theory framework to show that the halo is consistent with the goal of minimizing estimation risk."
"We leverage our analyses to offer tangible insights that can help companies and regulators to more proactively address EMA risk in food products."
"Ludwig von Bertalanffy, in 1951, and Kenneth Boulding, in 1956, wrote articles which have provided a modern foundation for general systems theory [Bertalanffy, L. von."
"The results allow us to pinpoint circumstances in which heeding advice is beneficial, improving accuracy or reducing overconfidence, as well as circumstances in which it is harmful, hurting accuracy or exacerbating overconfidence."
"Our results suggest that a novel approach toward motivating sustained changes in health behavior couples aggressive incentive schemes that jolt individuals out of their comfort zone in the short term with motivational tools built into health wearables that help individuals sustain healthy behavior after economic incentives end."
"Towards the end of 1954 and the beginning of 1955, in the course of undertaking these tasks we found ourselves independently faced with remarkably similar problems."
"Because consumers are constantly in “exploitation” mode, policies that disclose accurate information on past outcomes suffer from inadequate “exploration.”"
"An important aspect we observed was how subjects moved across levels of abstraction in the problem representation."
"This paper develops a framework for exploring the implications of a more scientific approach to entrepreneurial decision making."
"To date, however, little is known about how people actually behave when building a model."
"Appropriate applications for the models are identified and discussed."
"In addition to the classical exploration-exploitation trade-off, our algorithms leverage the power of the “forgetting principle” in the learning processes, which is vital in changing environments."
"We design a new procedure for measuring competitiveness and use it to estimate the magnitude of the gender gap in competitiveness."
"They indicate that for problems tested the algorithm determined a good feasible local minimum rapidly."
"In addition, the simulator was used to answer questions of salt pile location and equipment configuration and location."
"2) The customers' demands are known and have to be met; customers are scattered. ("
"In an era where many curricula are being examined for their relevance, it seems appropriate to explore the fundamental purpose of the graduate programs in management science."
"The reason for these differences can be traced back to a fundamental distinction between advertising and WOM: although the former is optimized, the latter is far more random."
"Retailers are frequently uncertain about the underlying demand distribution of a new product."
"Smaller packages reduce waste and allow consumers to more closely match their purchases with desired consumption."
"We formalize a model for this new regime, focusing on optimization problems with uncertain linear objectives."
"A sales territory design procedure should solve the dual problems of boundary definition and call frequency."
"We explore this result by extending a knowledge-based view of managing productivity learning curves in factories to complaint learning curves in airlines."
"They first study how path-generation methods (PGMs) affect the structure of the discontinuities and what the effect of discontinuities is on the accuracy of QMC methods."
"We seek to improve the quality of such aggregates by eliminating poorly performing individuals from the crowd."
"With this growth has come the realization that the administration of parks must maximize visitors' benefits from areas with limited visitor capacity."
"The insight for management: Having a woman on the board need not lead to more risk-averse decision making."
"These nine empirically defined conceptual groupings collectively define the intellectual foundations of MIS as well as the forces currently shaping MIS research."
"We describe an integer programming approach for a class of such problems, where solutions have to obey a number of constraints related to workload balancing, shift compatibility, and distribution of days off."
"Under the conventional assumption that appropriate levels of compensation for the required capital are needed before such large-scale projects are undertaken, the analysis focuses on the rate of return required to induce the large-scale capital expenditures."
"Several conditions are identified where economic depletion may occur before the point of physical exhaustion is reached."
"The number of customers in the system for Model 1 is shown to be larger than that for Model 2 in the likelihood-ratio stochastic ordering."
"Applications to queueing systems with priorities and breakdowns are given in the paper."
"Haessler [Haessiler, R. W. An application of heuristic programming to a nonlinear cutting-stock problem occurring in the paper industry."
"This paper analyzes the energy efficiency (EE) investment decisions of a capital-constrained manufacturer that competes with an alternative supplier for the business of a large industrial buyer."
"Also Econometrica17 (3–4) (1949).]."
"Chicago, Illinois: Markham Publishing Company, 1969, 602 pp.,"
"The quantitative aspects of business management were left almost entirely in the hands of accountants prior to the advent of “scientific management” some seventy-five years ago."
"A Markov model of sequential R&D investment, where successful firms are assumed to have an advantage in related follow-on R&D, is formulated and a solution approach is given."
"Our test bed is the carbonated soft drink market between 1999 and 2003, a period characterized by a near duopoly between Coca-Cola and Pespi."
"More generally, we identify conditions whereby investment in process change occurs at an increasing rate over time."
"A formal Bayesian framework is provided for the problem where some possibly contaminated data item can be collected periodically and where additional information about each period's true data value can be obtained at some cost."
"These statistics are examined in conjunction with others from an earlier MIT study about the previous two decades."
"At this stage of the diffusion process, JIT implementations are more common and more advanced in large U.S. manufacturers than in small; consequently, U.S. businessmen’s understanding of issues associated with JIT implementations in large manufacturers is more developed than that of small manufacturers."
"This article is a companion piece to M. A. Geisler, The Sizes of Simulation Samples Required to Compute Certain Inventory Characteristics with Stated Precision and Confidence, MANAGEMENT SCIENCE, January, 1964."
"It is one of the most intractable problems in operations research, and has therefore become a popular playground for the latest optimization techniques, including virtually all local search paradigms."
"The value of growth options could rise significantly because of convexity when the increase in idiosyncratic volatility occurs over long horizons."
"In this paper, we model the practice process for both skill acquisition and retention, and optimize its profile to maximize performance on a predefined date."
"We find evidence that market competition exacerbates the tendency to express excessive confidence."
"This paper first examines the role of ceiling points in solving a pure, general integer linear programming problem (P)."
"In structured markets, the theoretical prediction that there will be more delayed trading in complementary markets is supported, but we find no support for the prediction that there will be more bluffing in complementary markets."
"451, $12.00—reviewed by Martin K. Starr;—Mathematical Programming."
"This study formulates portfolio analysis in terms of stochastic dominance, relative entropy, and empirical likelihood."
"This paper studies the flexible versus dedicated technology choice and capacity investment decisions of a multiproduct firm under demand uncertainty in the presence of budget constraints."
"The economic effects of friendships show a striking gradation based on the roles and identities of the friends."
"Finally, separate click-to-conversion data from Coremetrics.com indicates that using the model-based predictions to target specific markets delivers a twofold improvement in actual click-to-order rates."
"These can be alleviated to a certain extent through reductions in setup times and lot sizes that has been traditionally emphasized in group technology, but a more concerted effort is required."
"Numerical examples illustrate the analytical results."
"Examples include mail processing and sorting, check processing, telephoned order processing, and inspecting and packaging of certain foods."
"The network of interest may be a road network, an air transport network, a river network, or a network of shipping lanes."
"A Bayesian analysis of the model is developed and an extension of the model is presented to describe potential heterogeneity in arrival patterns."
"However, although expected profit increases as logistics flexibility is positioned closer to the source of variability (i.e., downstream for demand variability and upstream for supply variability), locating process flexibility anywhere except at the stage with variability leads to the same decrease in expected profit."
"An example of a fuzzy constraint is: “The cost of A should not be substantially higher than α,” where α is a specified constant."
"1961."
"Management Science, April.)"
"This paper was accepted by James Smith, decision analysis."
"We present empirical support for that hypothesis, and propose an M/M/m-based model that incorporates adaptive customer behavior."
"Finally, we demonstrate that Divisive Normalization implements an efficient means for the brain to represent valuations given neurobiological constraints, yielding the fewest choice errors possible given those constraints."
"failure"
"The purpose of this paper is to define and discuss a problem related to models."
"Implementation failure creates a possibility of cost-based differentiation and mitigates competition, although these two effects can drive firms’ IT investment in opposite directions."
"The insight for management: People exhibit distinct patterns of miscalibration for buying prices, selling prices, and probability judgments."
"This, in turn, depends on the firms’ investment in complementary R&D. We ask whether Intel and Microsoft will want to cooperate and make the final product as valuable as possible."
"However, when the seller cannot pre-commit, sequential selling is much less attractive because then he cannot use his product designs to alleviate cannibalization."
"Capacity of a facility is defined as its maximum rate of production."
"Specifically, we show that when partial moments are computed about the expected risky portfolio return, optimal portfolio choice in a mean lower partial framework permits a two-fund portfolio separation between a riskless asset and a “market” portfolio of risky assets."
"Comment—Subjective probability and the theory of games: comments on Kadane and Larkey's paper."
"In the case of the COAL model it was shown that the model output does not experience detectable oscillations even when input oscillations are introduced."
"This provides the theoretical basis for an extrapolation technique that significantly accelerates convergence in actual computations."
"For any given cost parameters, we establish a bound on this relative difference."
"This paper is concerned with systemic risk in an interbank market, modelled as a directed graph of interbank obligations."
"It is possible to distinguish three levels of conflict."
"The advent of more complicated control chart schemes has necessitated the use of Monte Carlo simulation in the design process, especially in the evaluation of performance measures such as average run length."
"We also find that the drivers of cannibalization are counterintuitive."
"Assuming risk neutrality of the seller, the optimal reserve price should not depend on the number of participating bidders."
"A RAND Corporation Research Study, Publications in Operations Research Number 3, xxi + 336 pages—reviewed by Harry H. Goode;—Dynamic Management Decision Games."
"Using internally consistent assumptions about market structure and contracting, the only subgame perfect equilibrium is one in which all distribution channels have infinitely many levels of delegation."
"By modeling the capacity allocation and the bidirectional contract design as a noncooperative game between two firms with noncompeting product lines, we show that, relative to a situation with no contract, either contract can improve the alliance’s total profit in equilibrium."
"This paper presents verifiable conditions on the problem that guarantee the existence of optimal solutions and equilibrium prices for linear and nonlinear objectives."
"The framework permits embedding a variety of specifications for default; we present an empirical example of a default structure which provides promising calibration results."
"In panel analyses, publications by firm scientists with stars and/or top 112 university scientists increase the number and citation rate for firm patents."
"Both are content to offer very coarse schemes with just two priority levels, and they will have negligible differences in coverage."
"Using factor analysis, we find that time preferences are well explained by a single factor, but risk preferences load on multiple factors."
"We do find that entrepreneurs continue unsuccessful development efforts for longer periods of time than do established firms, which is consistent with entrepreneurial overoptimism in the development of technologies with uncertain market prospects."
"In a situation where several hundred new music albums are released each month, producing sales forecasts in a reliable and consistent manner is a rather difficult and cumbersome task."
"Our findings suggest that the role of the small, research-intensive firm is to create a repository of knowledge; to act as an organizational mechanism to combine the capabilities of versatile scientists within and outside the boundaries of the firm; and to manage the selection of scientific ideas to produce valuable technical innovations."
"Opportunity Spaces in Innovation: Empirical Analysis of Large Samples of Ideas (p. 107)Laura J. Kornish, Karl T. UlrichA common approach to innovation, parallel search, is to identify a large number of opportunities and then to select a subset for further development, with just a few coming to fruition."
"Expressions for Expected Value of Sample Information (EVSI) and Expected Net Gain from Sampling (ENGS) are also derived."
"This is confirmed by the results of a call center simulation model, which demonstrates the use of arrival rate density forecasting to support staffing decisions."
"This interval is determined using linear programming techniques."
"Using data on the advertising prices paid by lawyers for 139 Google search terms in 195 locations, the authors examine “ambulance chaser” advertising behavior given different regulations across states."
"This observation is consistent with industry usage of M-V theory for equity portfolios but not for fixed-income portfolios."
"We compared the deployment of the same number of officers in either one- or two-officer units over a wide range of unavailability rates."
"This paper examines the subject of cost allocation in a multiple product inventory system, allowing for consolidation of shipments."
"When the Dantzig-Wolfe decomposition scheme is applied with the first stage as the master, the subproblem is also a MLP with one' less stage."
"The system has been designed to aid both periodic and ad hoc planning decisions in a large multi-national firm and can be implemented in a wide variety of corporate contexts."
"A complex system model is presented here as a tool for corporate manpower planning."
"failure"
"We consider the joint cost allocation problem that arises when several lots or resources are available to serve different products or divisions."
"We find that performance measurement supports the implementation of strategic change by influencing the extent to which changes to operational tasks and activities are made in response to new strategic priorities, as well as influencing the quality and impact of these operational changes, as reflected in improved contemporaneous and future firm performance."
"Exploiting regulation-induced shocks to entry barriers and differences in regulation enforcement across cities to obtain exogenous variation in competition, we establish a negative causal effect of competition (through reduced entry barriers and a larger number of rival firms) on vertical integration in the setting of the Spanish local television industry between 1995 and 2002.Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2633.This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"An NSF workshop held in Dallas in April 1984 sought to identify research opportunities in the decision and management sciences."
"A dynamic interaction exists between a firm and its business environment, due to both physical and psychological changes."
"Successive iterations of the algorithm take place over the current remaining interval with lowest bound."
"Previous studies of decision making under uncertainty have indicated that the psychological weight attached to an event, called a decision weight, usually differs from the probability of that event."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"Computerization exhibited regional (not industry) differences, with South American firms depressed on this measure."
"Keeping search technology and other factors constant, doubling market size leads to a 15.4% reduction in traveler confirmation rate and a 15.9% reduction in host occupancy rate."
"An automatic yard represents an investment of $5,000,000 or more."
"Possible extensions of the model and solution procedures are discussed."
"CASH ALPHA."
"In addition, firms that use smaller (non-big-five) auditing firms are more likely to file their grants late."
"Motivated by diverse application areas such as healthcare, call centers, and crowdsourcing, we consider the design and operation of service systems that process tasks with types that are ex ante unknown, and employ servers with different skill sets."
"In addition, they are shown to be nearly identical to a one-warehouse, several-retailer inventory problem."
"is applied to construct appropriate extremal distributions, i.e., interarrival-time distributions having the given equilibrium queue-length distribution and maximum or minimum values of fluctuation measures such as the relaxation time."
"Moreover, we characterize parameter regimes that quantify the relative significance of the changing environment and product perishability."
"In a recent article in Management Science, Awerbuch et al. ["
"A tabu search is then performed to find the best path assignment for each call."
"We find that consumers suffer from loss aversion on both prices and seats sold: consumers incur significant utility loss when prices are above their references or when the actual seat sales are lower than their references."
"In this paper, we propose a robust, nonparametric approach to carry out this assessment, by computing the worst-case deviation of the performance measure due to arbitrary dependence."
"The algorithm presented in this article involves a dynamic-programming approach to determine the allocation which minimizes the duration of the project (critical path)."
"The paper is written with intent to enable readers to read selected sections without having to read the whole."
"We employ a formulation where firms differ in the vintage of their production technology and as a result differ in profitability, negative externality generation, and the cost of treatment."
"We have developed a heuristic algorithm which is shown to provide extremely good guidelines for setting safety stock levels."
"The problem is to select the optimum number and sizes of boxes which minimize the total system costs."
"—Editorial by C. West Churchman, University of California, Berkeley—Letter to the Editor by A. M. Agapos, Ohio University—Letter to the Editor by Naomi Seligman, Administrator, The Diebold Research Program, New York City"
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"As a consequence, transportation costs in a plant are usually regarded as sunk costs and are treated accordingly in most of the multi-stage inventory models."
"But if the added vehicle is of the same submodel as an existing vehicle, then sales actually decrease."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"Management benefits accruing from the use of the Computer."
"Social cohesion itself is not affected by the team incentives."
"We study the effects of entry in a downstream market where firms (e.g., Compaq and IBM; CVS and Safeway) buy an input (e.g., microprocessor, grocery items) from an upstream supplier (e.g., Intel, Procter & Gamble) and sell their output to consumers."
"We investigate these roles for performance measurement over time and empirically document lags between changes in strategic priorities, changes in operational processes, and subsequent changes in firm performance."
"We investigate the equilibrium relationship between product quality and word-of-mouth (WOM) communication."
"The methodology itself, however, is general in nature and not restricted to such applications."
"We study here shock-IV designs using panel data."
"An example involving 10 jointly replenished items has been solved for illustrating the recommended approach."
"One of the most direct ways to reduce such undesirable “float” is through the use of what is called a “lock-box” arrangement."
"Other measures of information arrival, such as price volatility and volume, spike following the release."
"Algorithms and multi-product model in production scheduling and employment smoothing."
"294, 2005, and 2019."
"Specifically, we consider a supplier serving multiple retailers located in a close proximity."
"Overall, our findings provide insight into the indirect consequences of government stimulus programs administered through banks and the role of accounting in constraining bank risk-taking."
"1960."
"Competitive Incentives: Working Harder or Working Smarter? ("
"We illustrate the model and framework with industrial applications involving the development of electronic pagers and automobile doors."
"We also discuss how to improve the rate of convergence or the oscillatory behavior of the GCRR model."
"Our study is based on data collected from 164 senior managers working in 14 different national subsidiaries within the consumer electronics division of Matsushita, a Japanese company, and 84 senior managers working in nine different national subsidiaries within the same business of N.V. Philips, the Holland-based competitor of Matsushita."
"The equilibrium derived differs from Wilson's solution and yields a simple explanation for the case cited by Wilson: the value of the game is essentially zero for the party with incomplete information."
"The pharmaceutical industry has always used sales representatives to target physicians (detailing), who are a key link in sales and market share for prescription pharmaceuticals."
"Our results suggest that one could significantly overestimate adoption costs for the elderly when ignoring their shorter life span."
"The effectiveness of a given audit type includes the mean and standard deviation of any residual error that may remain in the account after the audit has been performed and after account balances have been adjusted."
"We also present suggestive evidence that less news coverage of recalls is associated with more fatal car accidents."
"Visitor traffic has strained both man-made facilities as well as natural or ecological limits."
"In addition, reduced inventory levels are achieved which translate into lower working capital requirements and a less cluttered shop floor."
"The basic theory of control variables is reviewed and the equivalence of control variables and multiple estimators is discussed."
"A discussion of the importance of a direct method in obtaining all the solutions of a transportation problem, and in obtaining solutions of more general problems, is followed by a discussion of methods of reduced matrices in which the transportation matrix is reduced, by a series of subtractions from rows and columns, to a transformed matrix to which the orthogonality condition is applicable."
"However, we find systematic differences in the properties of firms’ non-GAAP earnings and exclusions depending on whether they disclose non-GAAP EPS in both the earnings announcement and the proxy statement."
"This result obtains mainly for net put buying and is stronger in high VIX periods and in periods following macroeconomic announcements."
"The method exploits the proximity of geometric and linear programming and is easy to implement by anyone having a linear programming code."
"Finally, since reward programs can add flexibility in adjusting the available capacities to the market demand, firms increase the size of regular capacities with reward programs."
"It is demonstrated that under suitable cost conditions, the optimal policies are similar to those of the dynamic inventory problem with a delivery lag of k + 1 periods, except for an additional constant stock level up to which it is desired to order at unit price cK. If we assume that ordering decisions are made in every other period, it is demonstrated that analogous results are obtainable for the case in which amounts of stock ordered at unit prices ck, ck+1, and ck+2 (ck > ck+1 > ck+2) are delivered, respectively, k, k + 1, and k + 2 periods later."
"The theory of stochastic linear programming first suggested by Tintner [Tintner, G. 1955."
"The insight for management: Broader and deeper education of inventors leads to broader creativity and recombination of ideas than a narrower engineering degree."
"These environmental effects impact metric construction, selection, and employment."
"Paper MA10.4."
"Beta—the systematic risk—is generally accepted as a measure for the risk involved in holding a portfolio of risky securities."
"The structure of discontinuities can affect the accuracy of QMC methods more significantly than the effective dimension."
"It is shown that three cases may be distinguished: (i) when the price change is very small, (ii) when an essential price increase occurs, and (iii) when there is an essential price decrease."
"Res."
"The benefit of slack is that it can serve as a motivational tool."
"failure"
"On one hand, there is a short-term opportunity for profit taking, by supplying only the most profitable customers today."
"A review of the estimation of transition probabilities in Markov chains."
"We first examine the effect of three dimensions of IT architecture flexibility (open communication standards, cross-functional transparency, and modularity) on formation of three types of alliances (arm's-length, collaborative, and joint-venture alliances, respectively)."
"Using data from three survey rounds, a lab experiment, and administrative records of the microfinance institution, we present evidence on business performance, management practices, happiness, business knowledge, and noncognitive abilities."
"In a recent paper by Sullivan, Hayya, and Schaul (Sullivan, R. S., J. C. Hayya, R. Schaul."
"Results indicate that knowledge acquired through production depreciates rapidly."
"By contrast, we develop an interactional language use model that overcomes these limitations and opens new avenues for theoretical development about the dynamics of organizational culture."
"These simulations identify strategies which approximate the accuracy of normative procedures while requiring substantially less effort."
"This research breaks away from this tradition by providing a categorization process based on two powerful project summary measures."
"The relationships between several alternative problem formulations are explored, and compared to the classical linear discriminant analysis (LDA) approach."
"In the model an outside contractor is hired to develop a software system over multiple periods."
"Consequently, we prescribe the use of a trimmed average, or trimmed opinion pool, to achieve better calibration."
"Because the two parties often have conflicting pecuniary incentives, customer trust and supplier trustworthiness play important roles in the success of these interactions."
"A general bounding approach is developed which includes all previously presented lower bounds as special cases."
"Because of the intangible and highly uncertain nature of innovation, investors may have difficulty processing information associated with a firm’s innovation search strategy."
"The paper discusses these empirical results and makes some recommendations to practitioners of performance analysis of queuing systems."
"This paper reports on research which is both historical and analytical."
"This paper describes a multiple competing technologies market penetration model which incorporates multiple attributes rather than strictly price into the market share allocation function."
"The principal finding is that in a multipolar world first-strike stability increases with the deployment of small to medium sized strategic defenses whereas in a bipolar world it usually decreases."
"The authors find that measures of high-income consumer confidence and art market sentiment predict art price trends."
"Numerical examples demonstrate that the procedures increase forecast accuracy while reducing the costs associated with frequent forecast updates."
"Thus, entrepreneurs are often faced with a crowd of customer investors who try to influence product development."
"Finally, we found that the item-level preference uncertainty effects proposed here operate in parallel with strategy-level, effort-accuracy tradeoffs observable across participants."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.2088.This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"We show the existence of two different types of pure strategy equilibria and characterize them."
"Numerical results show that it performs very well compared with state-of-the-art heuristics."
"Most technology startups are set up for exit through acquisition by large corporations."
"We show that our analysis is tight for this rounding procedure."
"When the preference relation displays state-independence, even the KS probabilities may not agree with those derived from the classic Anscombe-Aumann (AA 1963) theorem."
"The width of the taboo interval shrinks at an appropriate rate as the amount of data gathered gets large; this guarantees sufficient price dispersion."
"Healthy and growing, DMS is likely to affect OR/MS significantly, not only by providing funds for basic research, but also through its vision of a combined theoretical and empirical science of operational and managerial processes, and by its policy of bringing together different disciplines within the program."
"Further, we replicate earlier findings that males are less cooperative than females, but this gender effect reverses for older contestants because men become increasingly cooperative as their age increases."
"Fourth, consistent with empirical findings and contrary to standard agency theory predictions, the relationship between pay-performance sensitivity and firm performance and that between pay-performance sensitivity and firm risk can be nonmonotonic."
"Here, a different approach to the problem of evaluating or designing indicators is suggested."
"These changes in corporate policies are consistent with targets’ attempts to affect the probability of a proxy contest."
"We consider the problem of choosing the amounts of a single product to produce in each of a finite number of time periods so as to minimize the (convex) production and (convex) inventory carrying costs over the periods while satisfying known requirements."
"The implications of this analysis for adequacy of models of beta nonstationarity and estimation of betas are considered in light of the available empirical evidence."
"Its impact on economic and government modeling is immense."
"Optimal and heuristic solution methodologies are developed and evaluated."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2944.This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"These observations are inconsistent with the expected-profit-maximizing model, contradict what a regular or hyperbolic time-discounting model would predict, and cannot be explained by the loss aversion model."
"Some product marketing and consumer behavior patterns are closely related to such holidays; the amount of monthly sales may change as the date of the holiday changes from one month to the other."
"The ongoing shortage of pharmaceutical drugs critically threatens public health."
"The theory of information uncertainty (IU) suggests that the anomaly is amplified with IU; that is, with ambiguity in information about firm value."
"Together, these results elucidate the impact of identity on behavior and demonstrate how identity primes can be implemented in practice to encourage public good provision."
"We identify a “churn” effect associated with dominant firm entry: fringe firms that precede the dominant firm into the segment tend to exit the segment, while new fringe firms enter, causing a net increase in the number of firms in the segment."
"The consequences are substantial as the boost in supply essentially eliminates the anticipated costs of the policy."
"As the product moves along manufacturing process, more features are added, and the product assumes more identities of the final end product."
"However, despite its importance as a pricing tool, surprisingly little is known about how to find optimal bundle prices."
"$6.75—reviewed by R. L. Froemke;—Handbook of Industrial Research Management."
"The location problem is formulated in terms of Graph Theory knowledge and a solution procedure proposed."
"A key communications function in the process of innovation is performed by means of an industry-wide organization of staff specialists."
"The major part explores a particular model and the various features the model possesses."
"Such information is incorporated into forecasts using familiar and generalized adjustment techniques, the latter being based on recently developed multiple shrinkage methods."
"In the case of a set of capacity constraints on the flow from each origin to each destination, the models proposed are easily seen to be of minimal dimension for any “standardized” version of such a capacitated problem."
"Annealing is then applied to the timetabling problem."
"When a system is described in terms of a linear programming problem max cTx with Ax ≦ b, x ≧ 0, study of its properties, e.g., sensitivity analyses, etc.,"
"and argues that there are rather serious deficiencies both with respect to the design of the model and the numerical experiments reported in the aforementioned article."
"We show how to calibrate a prospect model of decision making under risk for an individual."
"Moreover, through the use of an iterative stimulus-response algorithm we are able to minimize the technical information transfer among sectors by mapping response surfaces for polluter behavior."
"Such factors as the average effectiveness of schedules under the impact of random variations in processing times and the effect of changing operating policies are considered."
"Then Theorem 2 shows that the optimal dual variable price ratios are determined uniquely by the set of investment opportunities available, and Theorem 3 shows that the optimal policy can be evaluated numerically through optimization of the original utility function subject to a specially constructed single linear equality constraint on the cash withdrawals."
"This model provides an explicit representation of the informants' perceptual agreement with respect to each measure, the bias in their responses due to their particular perspectives on the firm, and random measurement error."
"A general screening inspection program is developed in which inspection levels and the locations of inspection points are treated as variables."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"The purpose of this paper is to analyze personnel rotation in the Navy."
"However, when buying products with in-pack coupons or products affiliated with loyalty programs, promotion incentives are obtained on the next purchase occasion or later, i.e., a rear-loaded incentive."
"12 (August 1974) pp."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"Part of the algorithm involves solving a set of fractional programs which are replaced by equivalent linear programs."
"This paper describes the incentives for firms to seek voluntary product safety certifications."
"Screening women regardless of risk group may also be cost-beneficial if screened positive women show relatively modest levels of behavioral change, but screening programs that reach primarily low risk women are not likely to be cost-beneficial."
"That is, past performance is a better predictor of future performance in sports where external judges and referees can influence the outcomes."
"A dynamic routing heuristic totally different from the static routing in general use was developed."
"We examine whether ESWOM influences institutional investors’ stockholdings differentially based on investor type and if institutional investors’ stockholdings mediate the relation between ESWOM and firm value."
"Modifications may be conscious or unconscious, well-intended or malicious."
"Subsequent decisions depend on the first decision and its outcome and involve either further development of the best technical approach or abandonment of the entire research and development program."
"Further, incumbents increase the degree of active management."
"This paper surveys the main theoretical results and research efforts of the literature on auctions and bidding."
"In a queue with several different arrival streams, in general, the expected delay for customers from one stream is not equal to the expected delay for customers from the other streams."
"We study oligopoly price competition between multiproduct firms—firms whose products interact in the profit function."
"We study three heuristics for solving this problem."
"failure"
"failure"
"Despite the increasing popularity of decision support systems (DSS), effectiveness of such systems remains unproven."
"Duchin et al. ["
"This paper was accepted by Han Bleichrodt, decision analysis."
"The insight for management: It is possible to distribute and gain insights from data without threatening the privacy of those who generated it by masking private details without reducing the information that can be gleaned from it."
"A structured approach to development is suggested to anticipate implementation and institutionalization problems, and to produce integrated solutions."
"As a first step, diversification is defined and distinguished from other company growth alternatives."
"This two-step research is using a combination of qualitative and quantitative methods and two data sets to suggest a conceptual, two-dimensional construct model for the classification of technical projects and for the investigation of project contingencies."
"Generalized networks, generalized upper bounding and decomposition of the convex simplex methods."
"We also present general qualitative insights for one- and two-stage NPD optimal pipeline structures."
"We study the direct effects of monitoring and penalizing mistakes on work quality and evaluate spillovers on unmonitored dimensions of productivity (punctuality and theft)."
"A recent article by Lilien (Lilien, Gary L. 1979."
"Some methods of effective computation are explored."
"failure"
"Multistage inventory models and techniques."
"These effects are less powerful during the postcrisis period, suggesting that banks’ scope to improve their safety and soundness condition in crisis periods is much more limited."
"Risk And Uncertainty."
"These plans are then used to develop manpower schedules, for cash flow analysis, and for making product pricing decisions."
"Taking bank moral hazard into consideration, I find that government bailout might be counterproductive as it might result in more aggressive risk-taking among shadow banks, especially when bailout decisions are based on bank characteristics."
"The paper first examines some characteristics that are likely to lead to research planning."
"Hazard management of the risks of human injury and death related to the automobile are described and exemplified by the Swedish car manufacturer Volvo."
"Some stochastic models are analyzed which describe the time fluctuations of the inventory levels of companies which are in the rental business."
"That is, well-known authors get the benefit of the doubt and are more likely to be accepted for publication than those who are less well known."
"This paper was accepted by Shiva Rajgopal, accounting."
"We find that players on teams relegated to a lower division have more match appearances in the short run, and they play in better leagues and earn higher wages in the long run."
"A suggested computation for maximal multi-commodity network flows."
"Accordingly, escalation strategy will be preferred more in the learning process, thereby developing a pattern of behaviors that is contradictory to the law-of-effect at the decision level but consistent with the law-of-effect at the strategy level."
"Information was gathered on the goals, planning, budgets, marketing, staffing, organizational structure, technical focus, and evaluation practices of the programs."
"This study offers a method that allows users of feedback mechanisms where both partners of a bilateral exchange are allowed to report their satisfaction to “see through” the distortions introduced by reporting bias and derive unbiased estimates of the underlying distribution of privately observed outcomes."
"Consistent with theory, we show that temporary asymmetry affects returns when investors demand liquidity and market makers bear risk for carrying capacity and providing it."
"This upper bound is the optimal value of a semidefinite program whose dimensions are polynomial in the number of locations."
"Consistent with models featuring unspanned macro factors, our forecasts of future bond excess returns are strongly negatively correlated with survey forecasts of short rates."
"We find that before announcements of stock mergers, bidders manage down analyst earnings forecasts prior to earnings releases."
"Data truncation is a commonly accepted method of dealing with initialization bias in discrete-event simulation."
"In this paper we describe an iterative procedure for directly determining near optimal frequencies of production for the products and the associated fundamental cycle time which, in many cases, can be used directly for constructing production schedules."
"More programmed tasks require behavior based controls while less programmed tasks require more elaborate information systems or outcome based controls."
"The use of these concepts is illustrated by examples involving multistage decision processes in which the system under control is either deterministic or stochastic."
"Latent homophily means consumers who are connected to one another are likely to have similar characteristics and product preferences."
"There exists significant hype regarding how much machine learning and incorporating social media data can improve forecast accuracy in commercial applications."
"Pollution control costs ore considered in three categories: (i) costs of control equipment, (ii) costs of switching to cleaner fuels or processes, and (iii) costs to consumers measured by changes in a consumer price index."
"The optimal production/inventory policy and the optimal choice between make-to-order and make-to-stock operations are determined in simple “newsboy”-like formulas."
"Furthermore, advertisers are budget constrained."
"Our experiment demonstrates that bidders in the auction behave very close to following the dominant strategy regardless of whether this auction is a stand-alone or a part of a hybrid mechanism."
"We also show a relationship between the perception of transaction cost and the perceived success of the cooperation."
"Using a random sample of 221 new Swedish ventures initiated in 1998, we examine why some new ventures are more likely than others to successfully be awarded capital from external sources."
"Proposed “momentum accounting” measures income momentum Ẇ = dW/dt (time rate at which income is being earned at a given point in time) and accounts for its net change, Ẇ(t + 1) − Ẇ(t), by means of impulses ΔẆ(t)."
"The nonlinear functions were specified graphically by the subjects through selection from five different shapes (i.e., one per attribute).To test the predictive ability of the various models, each subject made twenty separate pairwise comparisons of alternatives (including direction and strength of preference)."
"The fourth section is concerned with the other prong of our general analysis: After reviewing several examples of cybernetic system models, we consider their relevance for management systems in terms of the apparent future organizational impacts of the so-called “information technology."
"Results are reported for a set of trial problems having 30 to 98 processing operations."
"In addition, the paper deals with the following question: What kinds of changes (variations) in demand may occur such that the optimal solution (production schedule) on some time interval will remain unchanged?"
"These findings are robust to several econometric tests."
"This paper was accepted by Victor Martínez-de-Albéniz, operations management."
"The response of the organization to the hand calculator innovation was established by determining a “logistics” or “diffusion” function to fit the sample data."
"The first two models appear in the September issue; and the third model in the October issue of Management Science."
"Empirical evidence is presented to show that this approach gives reasonable results."
"On the other hand, the QFD team communicates less on planning information and less with members of the firm external to the team."
"These zones are assigned to schools with the objective of minimizing the required bussing while meeting the school capacity and racial mix constraints."
"A second important result, also counter to the normative theory, is that the party incurring the cost of unsold inventory always earns a lower profit than its counterpart, regardless of the bargaining environment or inventory risk location."
"For fossil fuel power plants to be built in the future, carbon capture and storage (CCS) technologies offer the potential for significant reductions in carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions."
"For discretionary services, longer service duration implies higher service quality."
"This model helps us study mechanism design problems in a dynamic environment."
"Interestingly, increasing the promotional frequency (while reducing its depth to maintain the mean and variance of prices across all stores) can increase loyalty to the household’s preferred store."
"As a retaliatory consequence, the manufacturer sets high near-term wholesale prices."
"On the other hand, we prove that farsighted suppliers would form the grand coalition and thus be able to completely eliminate the inefficiency stemming from their decentralization."
"The weights assigned to the individual models in the pool are based on the log score criterion, an information-theoretic measure of the conditional performance of a model."
"A more sophisticated stochastic strategy, one-hop targeting, is to select random network neighbors of random individuals; this exploits a version of the friendship paradox, whereby the friend of a random individual is expected to have more friends than a random individual, with the hope that seeding a behavior at more connected individuals leads to more adoption."
"We demonstrate how our proposed methods are generally applicable to a wide range of decision problems and prove that they are computationally tractable and asymptotically optimal under mild conditions, even when data are not independent and identically distributed and for censored observations."
"This paper was accepted by Marie Thursby, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Given this, it is optimal for the other store to set a higher search cost to avoid intensifying price competition."
"Such weight-based proportional allocation mechanisms are criticized in practice for not taking into account the heterogeneity in the costs imposed by different producers’ products."
"Our research highlights the importance of understanding the heterogeneous preferences of institutional investors and their use of social media information for decision making."
"In recent years there has been increased interest in the effects of internal communication on decision processes."
"The fundamental goal is to select a subset of items to offer from a universe of substitutable items to maximize expected revenue when customers exhibit a random substitution behavior captured by a choice model."
"We find that markets with asymmetrically informed traders have significantly smaller bubbles than markets with symmetrically informed or uninformed traders."
"If such models can be developed, the utility of critical path techniques should be greatly enhanced."
"Oper."
"In the model, the price rises in a stylization of an auctioneer alternately recognizing two bidders who affirm willingness to pay the current price."
"The calibration captures the reported average positive slopes of U.S. real and nominal yield curves with sizable positive real and nominal bond risk premia."
"This paper was accepted by Kamalini Ramdas, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"We also observe a more equitable distribution of profits between the supplier and the buyer than what theory predicts."
"$4;—Spiegel."
"Risk premiums for decision regret."
"This is one of the few examples in which new technology can be used to reduce the manpower needs of a police department."
"We find that, in many cases, a pharmaceutical firm and payer cannot simultaneously benefit from outcome-based pricing, and who will benefit is determined by the probability of treatment success."
"It is proven that only the candidate subplans need to be examined in searching for an optimal solution."
"Our proposed approach builds on the hidden Markov model (HMM) framework to recover the latent state of job search from noisy signals obtained from social network activity data."
"In specifications that do not account for self-selection, I find that greenfield entries have survival advantages compared to acquisitions."
"Part I contains a heuristic introduction to the basic problem together with a mathematical statement of Markowitz's theory of portfolio selection and its basic assumptions."
"For instance, it may be difficult to detect that a manager is engaging in empire building (acquiring unnecessary hard assets such as research equipment, cars, or offices, or unnecessary soft assets such as staff and consulting services) from which he derives private benefits."
"Management Sci.11 (4) B-69–B-87."
"1981."
"With chief executive officers’ (CEOs) prominent role in both governing bodies, their independence from CEOs’ self-serving behavior might be related to each other."
"No bounds have previously been proposed for these problems."
"The difference between the two lies in the order with which we list the numbers of jobs of each type in the system in the state definition."
"p. 771)Anat Bracha, Chaim FershtmanCan we design work incentives to spur employees to work both harder and smarter?"
"We analyze the game for two different contract types."
"Firms often have to make their production decisions under conditions of demand uncertainty."
"This paper investigates the effect of exchange-traded funds’ (ETFs’) activity on the short-run informational efficiency of their underlying securities."
"The uses of regression analysis to estimate market yield curves for U.S. Government securities are considered in this paper."
"We run a regression discontinuity design analysis to document the causal effect of increasing buyers’ discretion on procurement outcomes in a large database for public works in Italy."
"These methods provide a general system approach for resolving the complex interactions among system capacities, users' demands, and economic factors."
"As examples, algorithms by Arrow, Hurwicz and Uzawa; Cauchy; Frank and Wolfe; and Newton-Raphson are proven to converge by direct application of the convergence conditions."
"Whenever a firm doing business with a handful of customers (or customer segments) faces more demand than it can supply, it faces a tough choice."
"Many products undergo cost reductions over their product life cycles."
"In a second step, we consider firms that explicitly differentiate their offerings by generating some content on their own."
"We then compare the model predictions with estimates of future demand and need for primary care for a community."
"We analyze congested network-based markets and their impact on competition, equilibrium charges and efficiency."
"The purpose of all science is to explain and predict in an objective manner."
"This paper considers a multicomponent, multiproduct periodic-review assemble-to-order (ATO) system that uses an independent base-stock policy for inventory replenishment."
"The New Military, Changing Patterns of Organization.”"
"We focus on strategic-level issues of how flexibility can be created by using multipurpose resources such as cross-trained labor, flexible machines, or flexible factories."
"Furthermore, in the presence of the sharing market, the firm will find it optimal to strategically increase its quality, leading to higher profits but lower consumer surplus."
"For most individuals, choice patterns are different from those predicted by variety-seeking accounts alone."
"In these systems, the servers are specialists."
"More than 500 top-level business executives were studied to ascertain the validity of common stereotypes of who takes risks and who avoids risks."
"Among the many forms taken by digital piracy, we focus on an increasingly common one—namely, online piracy—that is facilitated by torrent sites and cyberlockers who bring together consumers of pirated content and its suppliers."
"In the extreme case in which both quantities are very high, no risky asset is held (nonparticipation)."
"The authors test these approaches by studying cardiovascular care within hospitals."
"This value is now well accepted and referred to as “real option value.”"
"If not beware of accepting the planner's version of what you can do and what you cannot do."
"However, little is known about the economic effects of firm reactions to these events."
"Res.32(1) 121–132.)"
"Since the number of variables in this formulation is too large to be dealt with explicitly, the computation treats non-basic variables implicitly by replacing the usual method of determining a vector to enter the basis with several applications of a combinatorial algorithm for finding a shortest chain joining a pair of points in a network."
"The structure model in conjunction with the measurement model permits a comprehensive assessment of the construct validity of the organizational properties."
"In particular, whereas a single-prize game leads to a strong presence of the gambler’s fallacy, we observe a significant increase in hot-hand behavior in multiple-prize games with two or three winning numbers."
"xv, 345—reviewed by William Vickrey;—Automatic Data-Processing Systems: Principles and Procedures."
"Closed form, easy to use, lot-size type formulae are derived which calculate the required frequency (or upper bounds) between audits."
"The pairs momentum is largely explained by the one-month version of the industry momentum."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1958."
"The game matrices are finally reduced to manageable proportions for the further specialized cases in which either the capacity of the decision maker's information channel is significantly limited and information cost is constant, or the capacity of the information channel is large and there is one low—cost “non-message” available."
"The coverage function presented here measures confidence interval robustness."
"I exploit idiosyncratic timing variation and cloud cover in Landsat coverage across regions to identify the causal effect of public data on the patterns of gold discovery."
"Research Studies Edited by Morris Janowitz."
"In this paper, we examine contracts to coordinate the capacity decision of a vendor who has been hired by a client to provide call center support."
"Additionally, we found that giving participants the freedom to modify an imperfect algorithm made them feel more satisfied with the forecasting process, more likely to believe that the algorithm was superior, and more likely to choose to use an algorithm to make subsequent forecasts (Study 3)."
"The Impact of Gender Composition on Team Performance and Decision Making: Evidence from the Field (p. 78)Jose Apesteguia, Ghazala Azmat, Nagore IriberriResearchers have long evaluated gender preferences as they relate to decision making."
"This will illustrate that the method can be successfully used for systems which do not satisfy the mathematical requirements which insure convergence of the method to a global optimum."
"Discrete optimization subject to one constraint is attacked by Lagrangian analysis."
"This paper introduces a dual-self model of cue-triggered behavior that (1) is based on a general mechanism that makes it applicable to many choice contexts, (2) allows a sharp comparative analysis of the responsiveness to cues, (3) can explain a wide range of behavioral anomalies, from a cue-triggered present bias to high-frequency variations in social and risk preferences, and (4) can inform the design of managerial interventions and advertising strategies employing environmental cues."
"We find that, when the variability of the consumer preferences or the discount rate is greater or when the importance of the repositioning attribute is smaller, firms are less likely to follow consumer preferences."
"Are the changes in shareholder values of the partner firms significant?"
"Using a break-even analysis, we investigate the lead time, demand, and cost characteristics that make dual sourcing with a SpeedFactory desirable compared with complete off-shoring."
"The insight for management: The assumption of full information is important for the CCAPM to hold."
"Learning could be asymmetric, that is, consumers may associate different weights with positive and negative experiences."
"The state variables are capacity, goodwill of type 1 reflecting informative advertising, goodwill of type 2 reflecting brand advertising, net debt, and the output price."
"A multiple-stage screening model not only permits the early detection of subjects who are truly hypertensive, but also requires a much smaller level of participation of subjects, while retaining control of misclassification risks that are comparable to those of screening programs based on numerous visits."
"Both “100 percent,” as well as sampling type audits are addressed."
"Then deviations from the ideal Gaussian form for the empirical frequency distributions of change in price are explained in terms of fundamental economic variables that interact to determine numerical values for the numerator and denominator of the ratio."
"The null hypothesis was rejected for that coefficient, but a warning is given against generalizing or inferring practical implications from this or any similar study at today's primitive stage of executive success prediction research."
"Coefficient of demand variation most seriously influences differences in costs."
"Tree-like networks may be encountered when having cycles is very expensive, as with portions of interstate highway systems."
"Furthermore, it is no longer ideal for the client to focus payments at the beginning and end of the project."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, business strategy."
"However, what if the advisors say that an event is “likely” or “probable?”"
"The optimal solution to this problem is then used to construct a solution to the infinite-horizon problem that is identical to the finite-horizon solution in early periods."
"We demonstrate the value of our approach by applying it to the canonical problem of option pricing, using both synthetic instances and instances using real Standard & Poor’s 500 Index data."
"We present the results of an experiment that explores whether women are less willing than men to guess on multiple-choice tests."
"We demonstrate through simulations that both types of tests reliably identify both significant and insignificant parameters."
"Management Sci.2 (3, April) 272.],"
"Cognitive process research can provide specific, operational guidelines for MIS/DSS design by delineating the specific influences on managers' cognitive processes in sensing, formulating, and solving problems."
"We show that this mechanism is sufficient to explain belief synchronization: a strong majority of opinions will likely emerge in favor of one alternative."
"Both firms are impatient, and they make alternating offers until an agreement is reached."
"Risk Aversion and Portfolio Choice; Cowles Monograph 19."
"The net present value (NPV) principle is applied."
"However, the two effects are not complementary."
"This paper was accepted by Karl Diether, finance."
"When firms set their qualities before competing on price and the range of feasible qualities is restricted such that variety seeking softens competition, competing firms choose to minimally differentiate themselves from each other."
"These performance metrics have been shown to generate desirable managerial incentives when investment decisions are delegated."
"However, we also find measurable differences between what leaders expect and the actual norms of advisers."
"For an arbitrator model different from the one in the referenced paper, final-offer arbitration (FOA) is very effective."
"$16.95;—Schrieber, Albert N. (Editor), Corporate Simulation Models."
"Importance-sampling is a commonly used simulation technique for the fast estimation of rare-event probabilities."
"The results of a multiple discriminant analysis are supportive of the patterns which emerged in the bivariate analyses."
"Books Received"
"Under imperfect information, approximations to these strategies lead to Nash equilibrium strategies for both players which are relatively insensitive to unilateral deviation by either of the bidders."
"Alternatively, when the seller stocks more desired products, aggregate disclosure can dampen the flow of incoming customers and reduce the shortage penalty cost."
"I am going to take advantage of my brief time with you here to see if we can establish the basic meaning of a Science of Management; and so to reveal the intent which has guided the steps of many who have chosen to search through the complex of social, political and economic variables which both describe the direction in which understanding may be found and inhibit the progress toward it."
"Every working day between 5 and 6 P.M., 20,000 New Jersey bound commuters enter the Port of New York Authority Bus Terminal in New York City."
"The empirical results clearly show the superiority of the proposed method for all time series in the study."
"This paper considers some of the relationships among growth in expenditures for research and development and growth of the national econony measured in terms of gross national product."
"The model suggests a host of issues to be more deeply studied by management scientists."
"Empirically, MIA has many desirable properties: it is positively correlated with spreads, price impact, and absolute order imbalances; predicts future volatility; is an effective conditioning variable for trading strategies stemming from price pressure; and detects exogenous shocks to information asymmetry."
"If the precedence relations possess a serial structure, one can develop two essentially equivalent dynamic programming formulations, of the resource allocation variety, by minimizing either the project cost or the completion time."
"We find that two components of the trading signal (i.e., short-term reversal and pairs momentum) have different dynamic and cross-sectional properties."
"Our analysis helps understand appropriateness of the different flexible design approaches."
"This paper demonstrates that speculative activities can be contagious and spill over across markets."
"This paper analyzes some of the problems involved in using diffusion models to formulate marketing strategies for introducing new products."
"Cell phone service providers charge subscribers to send text messages and download data."
"The executive suite and the board are closely bound to each other through their fiduciary responsibility to the same shareholders."
"We present CABOB, a sophisticated optimal search algorithm for the problem."
"This paper explores inconsistencies that occur in utility measurement under risk when expected utility theory is assumed and the contribution that prospect theory and some other generalizations of expected utility can make to the resolution of these inconsistencies."
"Their primary application has been to medical treatment decisions."
"Our subjects' reference price is best described as a combination of the first and the last price of the time series, with intermediate prices receiving smaller and nondecaying weights."
"In subsequent studies, we find that when required to choose between two harmful actions, people prefer the action that saves more lives, despite its being more aversive."
"This paper was accepted by J. George Shanthikumar, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"Scheduling heating oil production is an important management problem."
"We propose that preference uncertainty has at least two behavioral manifestations: longer judgment times and greater response error in expressed preferences."
"Each of these models identifies certain characteristics that typify organizations in different stages of development."
"In the Foreword to the first issue of Management Technology the editors Roger R. Crane and C. West Churchman expressed the view that the journal should appeal to managers concerned with “the role that science can play in management.”"
"It is shown that this control structure is optimal among all stationary policies."
"Funds that are missing from the TR database tend to be smaller, have higher turnover ratios, receive higher fund flows, and have higher four-factor alphas."
"We here formulate a model in which the net revenue per unit time from the operation of a lottery depends upon the prizes offered, the price charged per ticket, and the time interval between successive drawings."
"The classical formulation of the static job shop scheduling problem with job due dates implies that the question of interest to the manager is: What is the best that can be done to meet due dates with fixed resources?"
"We consider a firm that faces a potential disruption in its normal operations can purchase business interruption (BI) insurance from an insurer to guard against the disruption risk."
"Among the questions which we shall consider are included: What does it mean to verify a computer model of an industrial system?"
"The profitability of such investments depends critically on the long-run pricing of oil in world markets and the interaction of the economic conditions of consuming nations."
"We develop a new goodness-of-fit test for validating the performance of probability forecasts."
"However, it is more difficult for these systems to distinguish between investments in necessary and unnecessary assets, provided that both fall within the general class of appropriate purchases."
"The informed principal’s choice apparently signals a norm not to exploit trust, which leads to more trustworthy behavior."
"The buyer both appraises the supplier's component and does further processing/component production of his own."
"Conditions ensuring that this full load ordering rule minimizes total expected cost are given."
"For challenging problems of limited size, which are capable of being approached by exact procedures, we find optimal solutions considerably faster than the best reported exact method."
"Next, we investigate costs and derive a perceptual expansion path along which a profit maximizing position must exist."
"We characterize features of the optimal solution and show that the optimal policy has a simple control limit structure."
"A more complete picture of advice taking is provided by considering revisions of distributions, which reflect changes in both confidence and best guesses."
"However, the latter involves a shorter wait."
"Works with a value above a given threshold have to be awarded through an open auction."
"It is shown that considerable cost savings can result if the component lot-splitting approach is employed under favorable conditions in multi-stage manufacturing environments."
"The analysis is based on a dynamic compartmental model of the HIV epidemic that incorporates disease transmission and progression over time, behavioral changes, and effects of screening and associated counseling and education."
"This paper evaluates the accuracy of a range of reasonable forms for distance estimating functions using samples of urban and rural road distances."
"Consistent with trading off profits from issuers and subscribers, high-prestige underwriters underprice more in hot markets when rents to catering to subscribers are greatest."
"The purpose of this paper is to analyze and explain, by reference to empirical data, some of the recent work done in this area by Dr. Harry Markowitz under the sponsorship of the Cowles Commission (Cowles Commission Discussion Papers in Economics Nos."
"Two counterexamples to his conclusions are given in this paper."
"And if so, how should it be managed, particularly in terms of what information to record?"
"This paper considers the so-called warehouse problem with both space and injection/withdrawal capacity limits."
"We study the effect of superstition and conspicuous spending motives on housing demand and price in Singapore."
"It is designed to produce alternative solutions that are very different from previously generated solutions."
"At the LTF, learning will occur across the DTF, vary by origin industry of the firm, and be affected by complementarities in routines and capabilities and market competition among firms."
"This paper proposes impulse-based managerial goals as a substitute for currently popular income-based managerial goals, discussing problems associated with the latter that highlights short-term income achievements and that tends to reward management for the momentum created by their predecessors as it is realized as income by the mere passage of time."
"An important class of mathematical programming problems is the scheduling of manufacturing and transportation systems."
"2) Pre- and post-allocation delays model the extra amount of waiting caused by secondary bottlenecks other than bed unavailability, such as nurse shortage. ("
"This paper deals with the effects of learning on the calculation of optimal economic lot sizes in intermittent production."
"The common loop overhead conveyor linking two manufacturing process areas is studied as a mechanism for transforming the output flow of one area into the input flow of the other."
"We show that direct last-minute sales are preferred over selling through an opaque intermediary when consumer valuations for travel are high or there is little service differentiation between competing service providers, or both; otherwise, opaque selling dominates."
"These findings suggest that while a prosocial mission allows for economizing on monetary incentives, there are no further gains from increasing the quality of the mission-matching."
"This paper represents the first large scale empirical investigation of the usefulness of the Bayes-Stein approach using historical data."
"Store managers and the retailer are all risk averse, but managers are more risk averse than the retailer."
"Procedures for extracting the optimal primal solution at the end of the main algorithm and for initialization are given."
"This paper examines this hypothesis by testing how different types of marketing expenditures are used to boost earnings for a durable commodity consumer product that can be easily stockpiled by end consumers."
"Two problems involving the assignment of men to jobs, in a production system with parallel lines, to maximize the steady state system production rate are studied."
"Nonetheless, the phenomenon of worsening OTP can only be observed when the (potential) entrant is a LCC (Southwest, Jet Blue, and AirTran).Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.1918.This paper was accepted by by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"failure"
"The primary purpose of this paper is to present for management an approach to the employment of large data-handling equipment in commercial problems."
"We further illustrate the implications in a newsvendor context, where our model leads to an order quantity that has higher variance but is biased in the less costly direction, and generates an increase in expected profit relative to other methods."
"The fact that the planning horizon theorems do not depend on having discount rates less than one illustrates that the approach developed here is fundamentally different from ordinary infinite horizon dynamic programming techniques."
"Multiple sourcing with quick response has been recognized as a useful tool to manage demand risk for short-life-cycle goods."
"Given its widespread use by both academics and practitioners, it is surprising that no comprehensive theoretical assessment of this construct has been performed."
"For sellers, fair prices correlate with underpricing, which also varies systematically across treatments."
"The last section of the paper illustrates the ways in which the risk index can be used to adjust credit quality to the desired volume and loss experience."
"A crowded technological niche provides a more challenging environment for firms to implement open science, due to higher scooping risks."
"failure"
"We examine the optimal acquisition of information about a common uncertain cost factor by two competing firms seeking to price a new product."
"Our model collectively reconciles various empirical regularities that have proven elusive to explain in one unified framework, and we derive new testable predictions."
"We examine how ex ante financial distress risk affects CEO compensation."
"Although these retailers seem to share the intuition that probabilistic free price promotions are attractive to consumers, it is unclear how they compare to traditional sure price promotions of equal expected monetary value."
"We discuss the implications of our analysis for firm strategy and empirical research."
"We find that both forms of social interactions tend to lower prices and intensify price competition for given quality levels."
"Further, as expected, the optimal forward-looking advertising levels are higher than the myopic levels and the two-year planning horizon levels for both brands."
"In addition, we propose a class of satisficing measures that reward diversification."
"One of the necessary and sufficient conditions derived by F. F. Boctor (1982) for feasibility of a repetitive two-product schedule is that the cycle times (T1 and T2) must be integer multiples of some time interval T (Propositions 2, 3 and 4)."
"This paper extends the results of “Duality in Discrete Programming” [1] to the case of quadratic objective functions."
"Rather than attempting to design multi-purpose indicators, one might deliberately seek to match indicator specifications systematically to the requirements of different managers and public officials."
"However, some have found it difficult to predict a disposition effect while others produce a more extreme prediction where investors never voluntarily sell at a loss."
"We examine how and why elements of organizational design depend on one another."
"On the negative side, such subsystems may curtail the adopters' ability for competitive differentiation and render adoption less valuable."
"Contrary to our expectations, the findings of the study indicate that at an aggregate level, the market penalties for medical device recalls are not significant, i.e., at the aggregate level, the costs of poor quality are not severe."
"An increasing returns mechanism is identified, which results in the relative performance of the centralized form being greater when competition is more intense."
"An innovator decides not only whether to innovate but how boldly to innovate, where the more novel is the innovation—the more different it is from what has come before—the more uncertain is the outcome."
"We show that the resulting selection rule is more accurate and more parsimonious than the PCA/logit rule when the manager has a clear decision criterion."
"Risk, return, and utility."
"Stochastic trees are extensions of decision trees that facilitate the modeling of temporal uncertainties."
"The observed losses were exacerbated by higher rates of recovery."
"The productivity of a computer system is defined in terms of these measures and we discuss their application for administrative decisions in performance evaluation."
"This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"This paper shows that these results do not hold in general: each manufacturer's stocking level may be higher under RMI than under VMI and the retailer may lose by adopting VMI depending on the profit margin of the retailer relative to that of the manufacturers, the magnitude of the holding costs, and the intensity of brand competition."
"In specific it is representative of an R&D resource allocation process involving a number of subunits at three hierarchical levels."
"Finally, a simplified means of predicting these effects by an empirical method is indicated."
"In the 1960s, attention turned to optimization, leading to the development of algorithms that employed more sophisticated mathematical constructs."
"This paper presents an extremely simple algorithm to solve the problem in the special case when all functions in the nonlinear program are homogeneous."
"First, the retailer centralizes the ordering decisions."
"While unique knowledge contributions increased the positive perception of social isolates, similar unique knowledge contributions decreased the positive perception of socially connected members."
"Our evidence suggests that analyst recommendation revisions induce herding by career-concerned fund managers, and that this type of trading has become price destabilizing with the increasing level of mutual fund ownership of stocks."
"Although important answers regarding the efficient removal of snow and ice reside in the domain of good planning and the behavioral sciences, the primary thesis of this paper is that cities can significantly improve their snow and ice removal operations by improving the routing of salt spreader trucks."
"The remaining two processes follow from the fact that organizational units necessarily exercise some discretion in the way that they handle messages."
"For the bicriterion case, a polynomial algorithm for determining the mean and maximum relative heuristic error for a given problem instance is presented."
"An axiomatic approach to expert resolution."
"The problems of bias and multicollinearity, their relationship to the conceptual approaches, and their effect on the use of the performance measure are also discussed using the particular problems encountered in the application to illustrate the various points."
"Unethical behavior within organizations is not rare."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"Our results provide new insight into the mechanism through which investor sentiment affects returns."
"Finally, we present several managerially relevant insights for firms in the influencer marketing context."
"The purpose of creating programs so they can automatically be combined and segmented is to provide a queue of work for each available operating component of a computer."
"It is often used to measure the risk associated with large losses."
"In particular, the systematic risk of a firm with abundant growth options crucially depends upon the risk exposure of these options."
"Larger mutual funds trade less frequently and hold bigger stocks to actively avoid incurring higher trading costs."
"The formulation explicitly includes a transient set of investment opportunities which are available in early periods, as well as a stationary set which will become available in the near future."
"In every phase of marketing operations the application of systematic methodology to the management task has trailed by approximately one generation the experience in the field of production."
"While empirical evidence indicates that work rate decay functions tend to be best approximated by either exponential or linear functions, previous multiple rest break models were based upon a linear work rate decay function."
"3."
"When quality asymmetries exist on both base goods and add-ons and without boundedly rational consumers, the opposite win–lose result prevails."
"Consider a central depot (or plant) which supplies several locations experiencing random demands."
"GERT networks are typically analyzed using the GERTS IIIZ simulation package, which provides statistics on project times and cost."
"Duality gaps which may occur in semi-infinite programs are shown to be interpretable as a phenomenon of an improper representation of the constraint set, uTPi ≧ ci, i ε I. Thus, any semi-infinite system of linear inequalities has a canonically closed equivalent (with interior points) which has no duality gap."
"The holding cost in each period is a nondecreasing (and sometimes concave) function."
"No computability is asserted beyond that obtained by other authors under more restrictive assumptions."
"Because these two housing features can signal wealth and are highly visible, the larger price premium suggests that conspicuous spending motives also play a significant role in the Singapore housing market."
"In a wide variety of settings, organizations generate a number of possible solutions to a problem—ideas—and then select a few for further development."
"This paper proposes a Bayesian-averaging heterogeneous vector autoregressive portfolio choice strategy with many big models that outperforms existing methods out-of-sample on numerous daily, weekly, and monthly datasets."
"Firms use samples to increase the sales of almost all consumable goods, including food, health, and cleaning products."
"This paper proposes a brand choice model to aid in the prelaunch management of a new consumer durable entry in an existing category."
"Our model seeks to minimize the workforce size subject to satisfying staffing requirements and workrules relating to off-days, off-weekends, and work-stretches."
"The TBS policy combines push and pull controls by replenishing at a constant rate from the offshore source and producing at the nearshore plant only when inventory is below a target."
"Some solution techniques and actual results, taken from a consulting effort, for a few Northeast Ohio corporations are also mentioned."
"In various industries end-product manufacturers acquire core subsystems from upstream technology provider firms and focus primarily on efficient end-product integration."
"Our paper both explains the anomalous pricing of IPOs and highlights the importance of valuation uncertainty and short-sales constraints in explaining equity mispricing."
"This study takes a step in that direction by clarifying, organizing and integrating terms and concepts relevant to manufacturing strategy in the process of conducting an empirical investigation of key manufacturing strategy variables."
"Given an ARIMA model of consumer demand and the lead times at each stage, it is shown that the orders and inventories at each stage are also ARIMA, and closed-form expressions for these models are given."
"Management Sci.24 (1) 113–114."
"New York, New York: McGraw-Hill Book Co., 1962—reviewed by Abe Shuchman."
"Statistical significance accompanies these conclusions."
"Given these implications, we employ a nonparametric estimation technique to document the empirical relation between the risk premium and the slope of the term structure using almost two hundred years of data."
"Scranton, Pa.: International Textbook Co., 1967, 200 pp.,"
"This substitution toward online advertising is strongest in markets with fewer customers, suggesting that the relationship between the online and offline media is mediated by the marketers' need to target their communications."
"We find that monitoring improves work quality only if incentives are harsh, but substantially reduces punctuality irrespectively of the associated incentives."
"The bootstrap is one easy way to analyze the sensitivity of efficiency scores relative to the sampling variations of the estimated frontier."
"This standard did not prescribe any new financial information."
"Data envelopment analysis on a relaxed set of assumptions."
"The insight for management: Nonpatent references (e.g., journals, conferences, etc.),"
"556 pp.,"
"First, the paper extends the conventional model by incorporating capacity deterioration effects and operating costs that are a function of: (i) the age of the facility and (ii) the extent of utilization of capacity."
"They show that such individuals can lead to an aggregate economy that is risk averse."
"In this paper, we propose and evaluate such parameter significance tests."
"We find that the attention sellers pay to the distribution of a vehicle is negatively related to the probability that it is arbitraged."
"We conclude that contrary to popular belief, flexibility is not always the best response to competition—flexible and dedicated technologies may coexist in equilibrium."
"A key strategic decision for platforms is the extent to which they should facilitate the entry of untested new products and sellers alongside established products and sellers."
"The results hold over a broad range of sensitivity analyses of important variables."
"In our model, patients/doctors can observe a statin’s efficacy in reducing the cholesterol level, but they are uncertain about how effectively it can convert its cholesterol-reducing ability to reducing heart disease risks."
"Using an application to a stylized model of entry in the generic pharmaceutical industry, we underscore the motivation for the model specification and the methodology developed."
"We present a structural estimation framework that accounts for heterogeneity in the uncertainty faced by the newsvendor as well as in the cost parameters."
"This paper develops the concept of an equitable distribution of risk to address this issue."
"Investors respond to financing risk, a forecast of limited future funding, by modifying their focus to finance less innovative firms."
"To motivate effort, firms must use some variable remuneration."
"Arrivals with service requirements that exceed the threshold T join the second queue, where they receive their remaining service."
"We find that the retailer stocks less, takes smaller price discounts, and earns lower profit if strategic consumers are present than if there are no strategic consumers."
"Step type heterogeneity reverses these recommendations."
"This paper develops an economic model to study demand, production choices, revenue sharing, and relative market power in such markets."
"This effect prevails when we control for a number of cultural, institutional, firm-level, and board member characteristics, as well as for the nationality of the board of directors."
"Recently, transportation rates, which are increasing faster than other costs, have become a larger portion of total net landed cost, placing the traditional quantity-discount practices under scrutiny."
"File migration shows promise as a means of improving data processing performance in distributed systems, but practical application of this idea will require development of effective policies that will allow a system to fully realize the potentials of file migration."
"Our results show that the stock market reacts positively to quality award announcements."
"This paper presents a meta-logic of decision theory."
"Our analytical discussions highlight the reasons why some current users may be effective targets for free-sample promotions."
"The expected error variance of a combined forecast is necessarily lower than that of an individual forecast, but in practice there may be considerable variation around these expected values."
"Englewood Cliffs, N. J.: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1968, 583 pp.,"
"This paper investigates the impact of social ties on the effectiveness of boards of directors."
"Forecasting methods currently available assume that established patterns or relationships will not change during the post-sample forecasting phase."
"In addition, simulation techniques have been found particularly useful in fitting together pieces of separate research into a systems context for feasibility and consistency tests."
"For a single station with two product types, each of which has a constant processing time, a sequence minimizing both objectives can be found in O(log N) computation time."
"In the paper, we present an efficient implementation of state reduction for solving the stationary probabilities associated with the boundary states."
"The findings imply that common volatility-increasing marketing practices such as price promotions or volatile advertising plans may be effective at the top line, but they could turn out to be ineffective after all costs are taken into account."
"However, when demands are dynamic, flexibility in the spacing of production periods permits noncyclical scheduling to result in lower total costs."
"We discuss the role of subsystem functionality in value appropriation in technology markets, and we highlight the perils of subsystem overintegration."
"The first is incentivization, wherein a lower-level manager is motivated by an incentive contract to evaluate resources for an investor."
"It can be used to decrease the error in the approximation to any desired level."
"Several reliability criteria are discussed for use in determining sample size."
"The material of the symposium will be reported in the paper."
"We also identify a particular subproblem whose solution can be used to determine strong cuts for the complete problem."
"1955."
"Each call has a revenue potential, and we model the call center's service quality by the percentage of calls resolved (revenue realized)."
"However, longer service times also result in longer waits for customers."
"Alternative explanations of our results are discussed."
"These hypothesized linkages are examined empirically in a field study of the compensation practices for retail salespeople in 54 stores."
"We observe that moving from zero to one uninformed buyers leads to higher prices in both 2 (seller)×2 (buyer) and 2 × 3 markets: the former as predicted under standard preferences, the latter the opposite of the theoretical prediction."
"Examples in finance, insurance, and contracting demonstrate the economic relevance of this dichotomy."
"However, the announcement of the rule did not reduce the banks’ overall risk taking."
"This is a study of finite state discrete time discounted Markovian decision process when the states are probabilistically observed."
"Such a connection has been described in numerous case studies but never tested statistically."
"Several methods for determining partial moments are discussed, including direct calculation, the use of general formulas which apply to entire families of distributions, and the use of partial moment generating functions."
"Strategic decisions to invest in new equipment are critical not only because of the large initial capital costs incurred but even more importantly because they affect future unit production costs, revenues, and the ability of the firm to perform operations that were not possible earlier."
"224."
"Complementary numerical tests provide a sense of the range of systems for which myopic policies are effective."
"The results include a proof of the optimality of such policies for the average-cost case, and a qualitative description of the behavior of the optimal policy as “smoothing” fluctuations in the data."
"The application of these models requires a translation of DYNAMO type conventions into differential equations and flow diagram usually used for control system analysis."
"Robust Solutions of Optimization Problems Affected by Uncertain Probabilities (p. 341)Aharon Ben-Tal, Dick den Hertog, Anja De Waegenaere, Bertrand Melenberg, Gijs RennenWhat methodological approach is most appropriate in problems in inventory control or finance that involve terms containing moments of random variables such as expected utility?"
"Such IT impacts are economically highly consequential because they improve capital market efficiency."
"A total of 549 problems of various characteristics are solved to determine conditions under which FABLE performs most and least favorably."
"Demands for service are assumed to be Poisson arrivals with their locations distributed uniformly over the territory."
"This result is shown to hold under a set of realistic assumptions regarding deposit patterns, various cost functions, and institutional arrangements."
"This paper was accepted by Joshua Gans, business strategy."
"Managing an Available-to-Promise Assembly System with Dynamic Short-Term Pseudo-Order Forecast (p. 770)Long Gao, Susan H. Xu, Michael O. BallHow should firms reserve capacity to achieve service goals for future orders when those orders are highly uncertain?"
"In collaboration with the ride-sharing platform Via, our goal is to understand the benefits of proactively compensating customers who have experienced a frustration."
"The manufacturer can also undermine Intel's trust in software developers that target their applications to a chip's capabilities by communicating information that it privately knows."
"We develop a bang-bang optimal control approach, with a general optimality structure applicable to a broad class of incentive-design problems."
"Experiments have shown that better decisions can occur when selected information is withheld from the decision-maker."
"The LP-relaxation of this model is solved by column-generation techniques."
"Because of the computational efficiency of the new robust formulation, it is implemented on a folding-horizon basis, leading to a new heuristic for the problem."
"We test our behavioral predictions through laboratory experiments based on a retail distribution setting."
"In this paper we present a mathematical programming model for the Kanban system in a deterministic multi-stage capacitated assembly-tree-structure production setting."
"A model is presented to compare hospital admission systems based on (i) patient census and (ii) nursing work load."
"The system consists of a medical center, intermediate and local hospitals, and health centers."
"The case in which the costs are quadratic is dealt in detail and numerical examples are given."
"We analyze the performance of posted pricing for transactions having significant common-value elements."
"In decision analysis we normally consider the value of information to be a constant against which the cost of information is compared."
"This year marks the 50th anniversary of Management Science."
"In a laboratory setting, research participants made choices under differing task and graphical format conditions, and their information acquisition and evaluation behaviors were recorded."
"failure"
"We find substantial heterogeneity in the predictiveness of the measures."
"Theoretically, sellers should prefer the auction, because it generates higher expected revenues, whereas bidders should prefer the sequential mechanism, because it generates higher expected bidder profits."
"We address the possibility of unobserved self-selection into exit mode by using coarsened exact matching, and in two additional ways: (1) comparing firms that filed for an IPO (or announced a merger) with those not completing the transaction for reasons unrelated to innovation, and (2) using an instrumental variables approach."
"Consistent with the internal-information-markets view, we also show that excess centrality has a greater effect in industries covered by fewer analysts and in industries where soft information is important."
"Technical characteristics of distribution simulators."
"Between maintenance visits the behavior of the system is described by a stationary Markov matrix."
"These characterizations are theoretically interesting and may be useful in computing optimal dual solutions."
"Results are obtained for the new model that contradict those of the older models."
"We study simultaneous investment and financing decisions made by incumbent owners in the presence of capital market imperfections."
"failure"
"Two types of decision are analyzed for this setting under the assumption of independent and identical normal distributions with the same means: locating on the basis of an expected value criterion or adopting a wait-and-see policy."
"Book Reviews—Simon, Herbert A., The Sciences of the Artificial."
"We describe several applications and provide explicit formulations of the JERO framework for a variety of estimation procedures."
"The amount of computations needed for this turns out to be substantially reduced as compared to the usual way of solving the system of equations relating the new basis to the old one."
"Service time consists of travel to the call location plus “on-site” service time, which can be any random variable with known mean and variance."
"Imposing a cost on short selling instead of a strict prohibition yields similar results."
"Issues raised by the study include the use of automated and controlled baseline strategies to study decision making in complex situations, the need to develop normative guidelines for use in turbulent, competitive environments, and the multidimensional nature of the functions of decision making in organizations."
"The paper develops a network-based representation of multilevel resource management with equity, efficiency, and effectiveness being recognised as the fundamental objectives of the system."
"We believe there are important inconsistencies between the two studies, which should be considered by anyone who might use the ADVISOR model—or the PIMS-based models—to evaluate actual marketing budgets."
"Working within the expected utility framework, we extend the one-switch notion to the multiattribute case and identify the families of multiattribute utility functions that are one-switch."
"For example, the initial cost of replicating a call or a put under the new method is given by a generalized Black-Scholes formula, which yields the ordinary Black-Scholes formula when the volatility is derterministic."
"SPOT not only produces more profitable TV schedules for this network, but also provides valuable general insights into the development of mixed programming strategies for improving future schedules."
"Unlike a bailout, it allows the government to recapitalize the bank without resorting to distortionary taxes."
"We find that assembly systems should be unbalanced in the direction of assigning less work to assembly and more to component stations."
"Thanks."
"Drawing from the literatures on learning curves and organizational learning, we hypothesize that customer dissatisfaction follows a U-shaped function of operating experience (Hypothesis 1), that focused airlines learn faster to reduce customer dissatisfaction than full-service airlines (Hypothesis 2), and that organizational learning curves for customer dissatisfaction are heterogeneous across airlines (Hypothesis 3)."
"The success of our tests depends, in part, on several preprocessing steps that scale the constraint matrix and that set aside certain rows and columns."
"Tests were also conducted on synthetic series designed to isolate the cyclical, trend and noise components."
"To the extent that worker satisfaction is related to equity, these results imply that managers may have to choose between worker satisfaction and output in setting the size of the office, but for offices of a fixed size, the allocation that maximizes output will also maximize worker satisfaction."
"Some pursue internal initiatives that reduce their negative social or environmental impacts through responsible operations practices (such as paying a living wage to workers or engaging in environmentally sustainable manufacturing)."
"They find also that word of mouth is most effective when senders and recipients share consumption benefits."
"The problem is analyzed for different arrival distributions and for different discount functions, but in all cases, the optimal policies are shown to have fairly simple forms, independent of the actual qualities of the men, the pi's."
"Consistent with the conjecture that this effect is in large part driven by customers’ uncertainty about the actual norm, responses are mitigated when explicit norm-relevant information is provided."
"Improved theories and models simply demand improved sources and types of data."
"Warsaw: Panstwowe Wydawnictwo Naukowe, 1964."
"Communications are read for interest in issues that have importance for all who practice and use management science."
"This paper studies the persistent effects of short-term peer exposure on long-run performance in a college setting."
"Numerical experiments on real-world panel data show that our approach allows more accurate, fine-grained predictions for individual purchase behavior compared to state-of-the-art alternative methods."
"The primary safety measure used is “death risk per flight,” which weights each fatal accident by the proportion of passengers killed and exploits statistical evidence that the risk arising from a nonstop flight is uncorrelated with its route length."
"'s as continuous if they so occur in nature."
"They find that people treat a box of chocolates much like a single chocolate; in either case, there is a single-unit endowment, regardless of the definition of a unit."
"In this paper we explore geographic clustering as an alternative strategy for controlling managerial agency costs within the chain form of organization."
"Critically, however, accelerators also provide informative signals to founders about the probability of success."
"A core component is a graph theoretical model for concurrent setup scheduling."
"In an overall equilibrium, investors optimally choose sophistication levels by balancing the benefit of beating the market against the cost of acquiring sophistication."
"Announcements of firms’ reactions positively affect ARs, especially if they occur quickly after negative publicity surfaces."
"29(2–3):251–261]; and its core is an extension of the exact formulation of the GUB knapsack polytope with two GUB constraints."
"In the short run, these improvements can interact with prevailing accounting systems and organizational routines to create excess capacity, financial stress, and pressure for layoffs that undercut commitment to continuous improvement."
"Although researchers and industry experts advocate this practice, results have been mixed."
"These seasons are traditionally set with one overriding concern—protect the bio-mass of the fishery."
"New codes and formulae describing discoveries develop slowly-with little incentive if value is low and many competing opportunities if high."
"Numerical solutions are presented as well as an approximation which has the structure of the classical formula."
"Such problems frequently occur in, for example, optimization problems in inventory control or finance that involve terms containing moments of random variables, expected utility, etc."
"We also show that patients are sensitive to being “jumped” in the line and that patients respond differently to people more sick and less sick moving through the system."
"We model concept testing in new product development as a search for the most profitable solution to a design problem."
"In this paper, we show how the notion of factoring can be extended as well to preference components of the stochastic model."
"This paper takes a different approach, by developing a model where two oligopolistic firms strategically select their cost-based transfer prices."
"Market-wide liquidity dry-ups are thus of little concern to international investors."
"Its objective was to note how the groups differed in terms of time utilization."
"To address this concern, this paper develops cost allocation mechanisms that induce participation in collective systems and maximize cost efficiency."
"However, the authors find that, under one set of assumptions surrounding the form of competition, a manufacturer may be worse off by receiving information."
"In particular, our shape statistic is significantly more powerful than the Kolmogorov–Smirnov test."
"The algorithm has been programmed and tested on a wide range of problems."
"In some cases, this information constrains the decision maker."
"The Bass diffusion model is a well-known parametric approach to estimating new product demand trajectory over time."
"We investigate experimentally the role of status-seeking behavior in sabotage and cheating activities aiming at improving one's performance ranking in a flat-wage environment."
"Then, investors have no incentive to accumulate coins and gamble on the PoS protocol but weakly prefer not to trade."
"This paper investigates the association of corporate reporting and executive network centrality, which measures an executive’s relative position in a massive network consisting of outside corporate leaders."
"We propose an instrumental-variable (IV) approach to estimate the causal effect of service satisfaction on customer loyalty by exploiting a common source of randomness in the assignment of service employees to customers in service queues."
"In contrast, we show that downconversion can be optimal in the two-class case, even if prices are set optimally."
"Hence, the principal's problem is to determine a menu of (resource-commitment, transfer-price) contracts to minimize her total expected cost."
"We study both “preemptive EMA,” in which farms engage in adulteration to decrease the likelihood of producing low-quality output, and “reactive EMA,” in which adulteration is done to increase the perceived quality of the output."
"Consistent with prior work, we find that customers significantly increase their banking activity, acquire more products, and perform more transactions."
"Using data on 47,915 new plant ventures in U.S. manufacturing, we find that incumbents and diversifying entrants establish significantly more productive new plants than de novo entrants, and that this advantage significantly increases with the importance of learning by doing in an industry (industry learning intensity)."
"The composite simplex algorithm."
"paperback $2.50;—Cootner, Paul (ed.),"
"The setting is the Capacitated Lot Sizing Problem (the single-machine lot sizing problem) with nonstationary costs, demands, and setup times."
"It also delineates three topical areas for future research: (a) Choice of Logico-Mathematical-Structures (LMSs), (b) Development of LMSs, and (c) Application/Attribution of LMSs to sense, formulate and solve problems, and describes how research in these areas can help improve the effectiveness of MIS/DSS."
"The DSS teams reported investigating more alternatives and exhibited a higher confidence level in their decisions than the non-DSS groups, but these differences were not statistically significant."
"Simulation can be utilized to estimate the distribution of completion time in this case, and guide the manager in appraising and controlling his chances of completion."
"The insight for management: Appropriate forecasting techniques can help improve performance and reduce risk such as credit default."
"Unpublished mimeographed report, 16 pages; Bellman, Richard."
"Between successive product generations, significant evolutions can occur in both the customer needs a product must address and the technologies it employs to satisfy these needs."
"Management Sci.24 (7, March) 774–784.]"
"The insight for management: Investors misvalue the accrual characteristic and cast doubt on the rational risk explanation."
"However, devices for disposal are much cheaper than those for storage."
"Problems faced relative to the use of scientific Computers to handle large volumes of input and output data."
"To solve this problem a dynamic programming algorithm is devised that is more efficient than known conventional procedures."
"This rule gives order quantities as a function of initial stock levels, and is based upon the assumption of a Markov process which is both homogenous and discrete."
"Because companies could not adequately document side effects within the advertising space allowed, they removed their ads."
"The potential of production system models in understanding task effects in decisions is stressed."
"All demand must be met; backorders are not permitted."
"This paper analyzes the impact of forecasting on inventory decisions in a large physical distribution system."
"Managing Strategic Inventories via Manufacturer-to-Consumer Rebates  (p. 813)Anil Arya, Brian MittendorfDo you clip coupons?"
"Social movements have the potential to effect change in strategic decision making."
"To explore the implications of such an uncertain structural shift in future consumption patterns, we develop a model for determining the timing for initiating such a project."
"The investors “correct” the reported sales and are able to infer perfectly the firm's value."
"The resulting difference is due to a returns to scale associated with the objective function, as earlier pointed out by Balinski and Baumol (Balinski, M. L., W. J. Baumol."
"The method can also be applied to sensitivity analysis, which is illustrated by means of a numerical example."
"The results strongly suggest that users who hold realistic expectations prior to implementation are more satisfied with the system and use it more than users whose pre-implementation expectations are unrealistic."
"This increase in commonality occurs for two reasons, which we term volume and product-mix effects."
"We introduce a novel framework in which a robo-advisor interacts with a client to solve an adaptive mean-variance portfolio optimization problem."
"Third, the CNC value suggests the appropriate processing scheme."
"Assembly-line-balancing-dynamic programming with precedence constraints."
"Four studies compare choice and perceptions of differently composed vice-virtue bundles relative to one another and to pure vice and pure virtue options."
"Organizational Change and Employee Stress (p. 240)Michael S. DahlWho Moved My Cheese?"
"This impact is in the direction of supporting the investee’s management."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"This approach utilizes all available information bearing on the validity of the alternative models, as well as information concerning model parameters, in order to draw inferences regarding the criterion of interest relative to the decision to be made."
"The authors link differences in physical capital investments and complementarities between basic and applied scientists across industry and academic settings to individual differences in scientist ability and preferences to predict an equilibrium matching of scientists to careers and to their earnings evolution."
"paperbound $3.75;—Iannone, Anthony L., Management Program Planning and Control with PERT."
"This approach integrates our proposed fairness scheme with a novel mathematical formulation for crew rostering."
"First, it is shown that a subset of all solutions to the uncapacitated public facility location problem can be obtained by considering a closely related private location problem."
"The high price together with the chance of negative treatment outcomes may lead payers to deny coverage for the drug."
"The authors find that stock recommendations lead to large overnight returns that subsequently reverse over the next few months."
"The EVPI, therefore, is the maximum amount the decision maker should pay for information about weights if expected values are acceptable as a decision criterion."
"Results suggest that the Army could improve the cost-effectiveness of its recruiting effort through a reallocation of the incentives it offers to recruits."
"It is commonly held that the “Matthew Effect” dominates—wider distribution of rewards increases the overall welfare of the contest."
"For example, we find that, when traffic is heavy, service times are highly variable, and the customer types are not heterogenous, so then prioritizing one type over the other (especially a proportionally dominant type) would be worse than not assigning any priority."
"The following question is addressed: How many servers are required (staffing) and how does one match them with customers (control) to minimize staffing cost, subject to class-level quality-of-service constraints?"
"We propose a theoretical account to explain the observed pattern of over- and underconfidence in imitative and innovative entrepreneurship."
"Effects are also detected before the first data were released, implying that the effects are not because patients or administrators responded to the disclosed payments."
"There has been a great deal of interest recently in the Japanese approach to manufacturing, growing out of a concern for finding ways to reduce inventories and increase productivity."
"The knowledge management outcomes of knowledge creation, retention, and transfer are represented along one dimension."
"The multiarmed bandit problem is a popular framework for studying the exploration versus exploitation trade-off."
"Also, the effect of the investment program in the market penetration is exhibited as well as the effect of loss in market shares on the maximum economic gain."
"The approach requires only that every time the system passes through the empty and idle condition future behavior is independent of past behavior."
"Increases in organization size and external pressure also increase the likelihood of adoption."
"Generalized networks, generalized upper bounding and decomposition of the convex simplex methods."
"Additional tests suggest that this bias in expectations is unlikely to be strategic in nature."
"Vol."
"We approximate the value function (a) using parametric and nonparametric methods and (b)using a base-heuristic."
"Despite myriad uses (benchmarking, monitoring, allocating resources, diagnosing problems, explanatory variables), most uses require metrics that contain information summarizing multiple observations."
"We present a formal model of haggling between a name-your-own-price retailer and a set of individual buyers."
"In the recent Basel Accords, the expected shortfall (ES) replaces the value-at-risk (VaR) as the standard risk measure for market risk in the banking sector, making it the most popular risk measure in financial regulation."
"The problem is reformulated in terms of “echelon stock” which simplifies its decomposition by a Lagrangean relaxation method."
"Reasons for this decline are advanced."
"We use this notion of structural virality to analyze a unique data set of a billion diffusion events on Twitter, including the propagation of news stories, videos, images, and petitions."
"Results from additional tests yield support for the external validity of the theoretical framework underlying our bright-line pricing tests."
"We show how different combinations of these contract features enable client firms to better manage vendors when there is information asymmetry about worker productivity."
"In addition, we find that a firm's optimal product-quality decision is governed by a firm's relative costs of introducing new products with incremental versus more substantial improvements."
"Three experiments demonstrate that when people choose between immediate and delayed consumption, the reference point used to evaluate alternatives can significantly influence choice."
"Random market opening deters manipulation, but also hinders communication by making it costly."
"Supplemental analyses revealed that the quality of facilitators and the restrictiveness of different GSS tools moderated their impacts on appropriation processes and group outcomes."
"The answer is yes: Stock traders fixate on whole numbers as trading focal points."
"In this paper, we develop approximations that yield insight into the joint optimization of capacity and inventory,and how the optimal inventory policy varies with capacity investment in a single-product, single-station, make-to-stock manufacturing system in which inventory is managed through a base-stock policy."
"Guided by nonparametric estimates of the median and coefficient of variation, we demonstrate that a previously proposed model for mean fire engine travel times is a valid and useful description of median ambulance travel times."
"While in the exact sciences explanation and prediction have the same logical structure, this is not so in the inexact sciences."
"but rather they use the appearance of that paper as an occasion to comment again on the application of Rand's fire deployment models in New York City during the period from 1972 to 1976."
"New Jersey: Princeton University Press."
"In some strategic alliances, a firm shares its manufacturing capacity with another, and the latter shares its distribution capacity with the former."
"A two-stage decision and control model for the operation of the power station in the Hazbani-Dan Water System (Israel) was developed and implemented."
"Existence and structure of market equilibria are characterized for the associated competitive game between sellers with heterogeneous technologies, under the assumption that they know the buyer's demand function."
"These models arise by considering each bed of a total of c in a facility as, a service channel providing random amounts of service to a constant stream of arrivals."
"First they show that target customer density explains geographic variation over and above the impact due to the number of potential customers."
"The importance of material flow management for a profit-maximizing firm has been well articulated in the supply chain literature."
"The buyer suffers economic damages if a violation at a supplier is exposed (whether by the media, regulator, or nongovernmental organization)."
"failure"
"We frame the simulation selection problem as a “stoppable” version of a Bayesian bandit problem that treats the ability to simulate as a real option prior to project implementation."
"In Section 3 some proposals are made for the weights of the linear combination of individual preference functions."
"We use psychology theory to classify the emotional content of social media-based word of mouth, which we refer to as ESWOM."
"We then describe some aggregate properties of the articles."
"We discuss implications of our findings for the optimal design of performance feedback policies, workplace organizational structures, and incentives schemes."
"We find that companies should take a nuanced approach when designing help exchange and time-based incentives in tandem."
"We deploy our framework on large-scale data from a leading search engine using Amazon EC2 servers and present results from a series of counterfactual analyses."
"Consequently, technological advancement of the firm has not necessarily resulted in high economic performance, in part because of the high demands put upon the firm's resources and time by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval process."
"We develop a Nash bargaining model that allows for left-digit bias from both consumers and finance managers of auto dealers."
"Our results provide field-based evidence that PFP and participative goal setting affect the level and accuracy of goals, effects that are associated with both information exchange and with managers' incentives to influence goals."
"Recently, there has been a dramatic increase in technology transfer through licensing as universities attempt to appropriate the returns from faculty research."
"Sufficient conditions are developed on the probability distribution of defectives for total cost to have a single minimum with respect to the allowance."
"Switching-station systems effectively transfer range risk from motorists to the station operator, who, through statistical economies of scale, can better manage it."
"We, therefore, utilized microlevel user activity data from the New York Times to conduct a large-scale study of the implications of digital paywall design for publishers."
"Management Sci.7 (3) 210–218.),"
"It is one of a series of papers intended to develop a general theory of “executive judgment” and to permit study of its susceptibility to educational modification."
"This paper explores some reasons why the frequency of production changes may have to be controlled, and offers a new class of policies, called random walk policies, to accomplish this."
"Our formulas show how the peak congestion lags behind the peak arrival rate and how much less is the range of congestion than the range of offered load."
"Two polynomial time lower bounds for problems with nonidentical processors are introduced."
"The key feature in the model is a hold-up friction in the creation of new capital."
"This paper presents some basic results for the case where the study is to be based upon fundamental cost considerations and the assumption of an infinite calling population."
"We introduce so-called partially renewable resources by assuming for each resource a capacity on subsets of periods."
"A mathematical model is developed to describe the average annual variable cost of maintaining the inventory."
"We study customer inattention by utilizing a notification about a future price change in the mobile subscription market."
"We find that the value of quick response to a retailer is generally much greater in the presence of strategic consumers than without them: on average 67% more valuable and as much as 558% more valuable in our sample."
"Edited by Andrew W. Halpin, Chicago, Illinois."
"Although product development research often focuses on activities prior to product launch, for long-lived, adaptable products like software, development can continue over the entire product life cycle."
"Random instances beyond the censorship point are observed at the censorship point, whereas uncensored instances are observed at their true value."
"This article is an introduction to the focused issue on entrepreneurship."
"In spite of the high level of interest in inventory control that has sprung up recently among statisticians, economists, and businessmen, very little has been written that indicates the fundamental connection between price theory and inventory control."
"Our findings suggest that covenants are not only used to address creditor–shareholder conflicts but also to reduce the expected costs of coordination failure among creditors."
"Hausman's assumption that crop adjustment costs are quadratic allows the following simplifications to be demonstrated:(a) No grid search and no numerical integration is needed to solve the stated crop planning problem; a closed-form analytical solution is possible in this case.(b) The closed-form solution does not depend on the form of the probability density function for forecast revisions, but only on its first two moments."
"The technique is described in this paper, and is illustrated using a multiobjective linear programming model of a land use planning problem provided by a regional planning commission."
"Important too is the confusion between classical statistical inference and Bayesian statistical decision-making."
"Weakly efficient solutions are path-connected by finitely many linear line segments when the constrained region is compact."
"paperback text $4.95, trade $6.60;—Weston, J. Fred and Donald H. Woods (eds.),"
"24(9):2895–2934], and our results compare favorably with his five-factor model."
"The authors investigate firms' competitive behaviors in industries where customers are sensitive to both promised delivery time and quality of service as measured by the on-time delivery rate."
"Building on these observations we also find that the adoption drivers are linked to the postadoption changes in behavior or profitability."
"This result appears to be consistent with the existence of dually listed securities in capital markets which are otherwise not integrated."
"The possibility of low-cost analysis, coupled with a likelihood that a relatively small amount of information need be sacrificed make the model an attractive candidate for initial practical applications of the Markowitz technique."
"This interior trimming increases variance and reduces overconfidence."
"One way of formalizing this idea is to assume that the utility of a prospect is given by a function f(E, V), where E = the mathematical expectation of the gain, V = the variance of the gain."
"The results suggest that both social learning and social utility are at work, and the attenuation in the recipient’s purchase is mainly driven by a decrease in social learning resulting from credibility concerns."
"Interest in management science, especially under the name “operations research,” on the part of industry has grown since World War II due partly to the publicity given to military applications and partly to the return to industry of men trained along these lines."
"Surprisingly, the authors find that when a start-up competes against an established firm in the face of high market size uncertainty and slowly declining costs, the start-up takes a leadership role and invests first in capacity; two established firms would both invest later."
"Boston, Mass.: Harvard Business School, Division of Research, 1964, $6.00, pp."
"We investigate whether the gender composition of teams affects their economic performance."
"bibliography includes approximately 500 works in the area."
"The derived functional is later optimized by the Geometric Programming algorithm under a constraint set consisting of budget and strategy restrictions imposed by a firm's marketing environment, and conditions under which the optimal solution is either local or global are identified."
"paperback $3.95."
"The statistical model of a chance constrained variable which is the sum of stochastically independent random variables is considered, using the machine loading problem as an expository case."
"Interestingly, uncertainty in the payoff can, in some situations, help promote development of a new green technology."
"The effect of such repeated applications can be measured in terms of the proportion of poor product existing at any time."
"In other words, the literature has exaggerated the value of implementing coordinating contracts (i.e., contracts that achieve 100% efficiency, such as buy-backs or revenue sharing) because coordinating contracts are compared against an inappropriate benchmark (often just a push contract)."
"An operationally attractive generalization of our star measure-collaborative research articles between firm scientists and top research university scientists-replicates the impact on firm success."
"To be effective, shelter-in-place restrictions in municipalities of low socioeconomic levels may need to be complemented by other supporting measures that enable their inhabitants to increase compliance."
"Our contribution in the case of no carry-over, is a detailed characterization of the target intervals, assuming demands increase stochastically at the beginning of the life cycle and decrease thereafter."
"Several forms of this warranty execution modeling consumer behavior, which is influenced by factors such as the rebate plan, warranty time, product class, and warranty attrition, are studied."
"Then it introduces a modified Longest Tail Heuristic whose analysis identifies those situations that permit efficient branching."
"Our theory relies on two behavioral assumptions: (1) bidders in a multiunit uniform-price reverse auction will follow the dominant strategy of bidding truthfully, and (2) the suppliers who have been removed from the market will accept noncompetitive contracts that have a positive expected profit."
"We study a simple game in which two sellers supply goods whose quality cannot be assessed by consumers even after consumption but can be verified with some probability by a public authority."
"However, these algorithms may be inaccurate when crowds are systematically biased or when expertise varies substantially across forecasters."
"These three signals are primarily signals of a venture’s product, market, and investment characteristics, respectively."
"This paper shows that the Bayesian equilibrium concept and common prior assumption can be reconciled with a subjective view of probability by (i) supposing that players elicit each others' probabilities and utilities through the acceptance of gambles, and (ii) invoking a multi-agent extension of de Finetti's axiom of coherence (no arbitrage opportunities, a.k.a. “"
"Oper.12 (3) 133–148.]"
"The cumulative prospect theory (CPT) explains violations such as the Allais paradoxes and fourfold pattern of risk attitudes as resulting from nonlinear probability transformations."
"The desirability of maintaining customer accounts in both alphabetic and numeric sequence is discussed."
"failure"
"This paper addresses the problem of constructing a group cardinal social welfare function whose arguments are the individual utility functions of group members."
"The present paper also employs the dynamic-programming approach and shows that the structure of the solution can be determined analytically, with numerical results easily obtained via recursive formulas."
"Steps of calculation are illustrated by examples of choosing the optimal mix of orders, one of which involves 60 candidate proposals with 30 restricting conditions."
"Unlike most previous authors, we examine the case where one or more parameters of the common underlying distribution are unknown and information on these is updated in a Bayesian manner as the successive random variables are observed."
"Numerical studies are presented which substantiate this assertion in the infinite server case."
"Management Sci.16(2) 491–507.)"
"Our assignment formulation can also be extended to more general objective functions than the one used by Miltenburg."
"Taken together with previous findings, our results underline the importance of genetic differences as a source of heterogeneity in economic and financial decision making."
"The insight for management: Pricing games over time are less successful in the face of intelligent consumers; firms can be more profitable through simpler and less costly static pricing strategies."
"The results, are, in part, surprising."
"On the other hand, the retailer’s willingness to make her inventory visible depends on the holding cost."
"In these environments, the notion of schedule robustness, i.e., determining the schedule with the best worst-case performance compared to the corresponding optimal solution over all potential realizations of job processing times, is a more appropriate guide to schedule selection."
"This pattern is consistent with a causal mechanism that links lean to improved social performance through changes in labor relations, rather than improved management systems."
"Such a measure is desirable because of the complexity of computing expected sales for a given configuration."
"Application of the new approach to simple, Holt's, and damped Holt's exponential smoothing, using simulated and real data sets, gave encouraging results."
"At the same time, they provide a wide range of problems to study."
"We also use the sample average approximation method to determine the optimal base-stock levels and compare it with two variations of the equal fractile heuristic."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"The simulation results for each case in terms of project duration statistics and outcome probabilities are presented in detail."
"As a result, a monopoly will offer only a single product."
"Maximizing insurance buyers' utility."
"Extensive computational results are reported to demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed solution procedures."
"The effects of both mechanisms on knowledge creation are complementary, yet independent."
"Three complex quality problems—water leaks, paint defects, and electrical defects—were chosen because they are universally found in assembly plants, have multiple sources, and can only be resolved with high levels of interaction and coordination among individuals in multiple departments or functional groups."
"The typical arrangement involves a direct exchange between two blood-type incompatible donor-candidate pairs."
"In contrast, we find that the impact of openness to trade is greater for developing countries, as is the size of government and education levels."
"In this case, although the double-marginalization problem is aggravated, offering a (limited) base warranty reduces the total warranty cost in the channel and provokes the retailer into enlarging the service plan coverage."
"In comparing two commonly used mechanisms, they find no significant difference between the performance of the direct probability-report form and the indirect security-trading form of the market scoring rule."
"Algorithms for optimal production scheduling and employment smoothing."
"We believe that much larger regions can be represented in the same manner."
"Aspects of policy, strategy, planning and system design are considered."
"Next, a framework of organizational effectiveness developed by Quinn and Rohrbaugh is introduced."
"In many organizations cost accounting supplies much of the information used for control at several levels."
"By contrast, we consider a fixed-design setting of the covariates, under which neither the response variable nor the covariates have i.i.d."
"In contrast to the implicit assumption made in the literature that announcements do not directly impact customers’ waiting costs, our key insights show that delay announcements not only impact customers’ beliefs about the system but also directly impact customers’ waiting costs."
"The algorithm is of interest both from the viewpoint of numerical analysis and also from the analogy with market mechanisms."
"In this paper a model is presented with the aid of which an estimate, however crude, of the amount of undesired inventory in the economy is made from market data."
"We match administrative panel data on portfolio choices with survey data on preferences over ambiguity."
"Axiomatic Models of Bargaining."
"The application of the model in the areas of merchandise catalog planning and sales resource allocation is described."
"The simulation results based upon the CEM are consistent with widely held beliefs about the effects of aging on the health care sector, for example, that aggregate expenditures will increase as the population ages."
"The key benefit sought from process change is a long term increase in effective capacity."
"Thus, relationships that require trust and extensive sets of interfirm routines, as do those for low-modularity components, led to both greater relationship benefits and greater constraints."
"When demand from a given class arrives one must decide whether to satisfy it or to not satisfy it and conserve stock for possible use later to satisfy demand from a more important class."
"We introduce a new scheme for allocating stock in short supply, which we call virtual allocation and which permits significant tractability."
"failure"
"We interpret this decomposition in the context of Hax and Meal's hierarchical framework for production planning."
"Here the interface between lot sizing and sequencing is introduced and the effect of lot sizes on makespan and flow times is qualitatively analyzed."
"Some resources which fall in this category are mineral deposits, ground water, petroleum, wildlife, and fish."
"Several alternative ways of integrating advertising into the well-known Bass-diffusion-model are suggested and empirically tested."
"Our results are robust to controls for the magnitude of sales growth, fundamental strength, business cycle risk exposures, and standard risk factors."
"We find that when no penalty is assessed for a wrong answer, all test takers answer every question."
"Our bargaining framework not only generalizes the conventional Shapley value approach by allowing the flexibility of modeling imbalanced power distribution among the firms but also provides an explicit way of implementing the resulting gain sharing among the firms through negotiated contract terms."
"The analysis proceeds by assuming that each division manager possess perfect knowledge of his own division's technology and the market conditions it faces."
"Among institutional effects, firms in IT and IT-intensive industries pay significantly more to IT professionals than do other firms, and dot-com firms also paid a significant premium in 1999 and 2000."
"We test whether and how (centrally provided) private incentives interact with (decentralized) punishment, both of which affect subjects' monetary payoffs."
"The regulatory decision on how safe a safeguarded nuclear facility should be depends on a trade-off between diversion risk and the cost of reducing that risk."
"From the grammar, the authors generate an integer programming (IP) model having a linear programming relaxation equivalent to that of the classical set covering model."
"We find that CFO co-option is associated with a CEO pay premium of about 10%, which is concentrated more in the early years of the co-opted CFO’s tenure and in components of compensation that vary with the achievement of analyst-based earnings targets."
"The paper presents a mathematical formulation of the stages of iron and steel production to determine the optimal (least cost) rate of input of materials."
"A two-stage heuristic solution strategy is proposed for RSTP."
"Also, county-level evidence shows that the consumption of high-status cars is higher in more unequal counties."
"The appropriateness of this approach in the decision of one firm to acquire another firm is investigated using experimental methods."
"These results also suggest that CBP may have the opportunity to use strategic delay as an incentive for firms to join."
"The fact that one or more machines can request an operator service while the operator is busy at another machine induces machine interference."
"Then the changes are examined which occur when a system undergoes the transfer of a value judgement from its structure to its (external) environment."
"Since portfolio management can be interpreted as a problem within the framework of multistage decision process of stochastic type, further insight into optimal policies could be developed from examination of dynamic programming theory."
"Even though epidemiological evidence links specific workplace stressors to health outcomes, the aggregate contribution of these factors to overall mortality and health spending in the United States is not known."
"Furthermore, our long panel enables us to study the prevalence across individuals of each type of behavior."
"In addition by examining the dynamics of the system a new method, referred to as the R-method, is derived for solving linear programmes, although it is not demonstrated that this has any computational advantages over the standard simplex method, except that degeneracy causes no problems."
"Our findings highlight the need for a proper integration of intracompany pricing rules and divisional control rights over capacity assets."
"The original network is aggregated and the resulting problem is solved."
"The main purpose of the model, as exemplified in the propositions, is to provide a testable framework for the empirical analysis of the decision process in organizations."
"Transportation contracts and safety stocks for just-in-time deliveries."
"In the first, we find the bullwhip effect still exists when normal operational causes (e.g., batching, price fluctuations, demand estimation, etc.)"
"There seems to be no doubt that The Researcher and the Manager: A Dialectic of Implementation is a genuinely important subject for readers of this journal."
"By contrast, capital expenditures benefit from credit multiplier effects with regard to regular debt, which substitutes for postretirement obligations."
"Sections I and II contain some introductory material concerning freight yards and some definitions of terms."
"We believe our models provide useful new tools for the analysis of building evacuability, and have the potential to facilitate the study of the interrelationships with building design, building redesign, and building evacuability."
"What is the appropriate pricing strategy given these dynamics?"
"We also exploit the countries with exogenous regulation shocks to the mandatory audits."
"We formulate this problem and present some structural results."
"The conditions where a utility function should include the rate of exchange itself are outlined."
"The inherent uncertainty of gift giving creates the inefficiency of high returns and the disincentive to purchase of higher prices and restocking fees."
"Computer and visual methods for plant layout—a rejoinder."
"The following paper, from James Wallace of General Motors, discusses a general methodology for the problem posed in this column in October 1969."
"Each division manager causes costly delays at the common production facility for the other division manager."
"For the decentralized scenario involving selfish caches, it is shown that pure equilibria exist and that the cache network always reaches a pure equilibrium in a finite number of steps, starting from any point in the strategy space."
"We then use the resulting total costs to derive the optimal contract volume."
"Mayor Lindsay asked for an analysis of the problem to prevent its recurrence."
"The headquarters designs incentive schemes such that the use of the common facility is optimal for the firm."
"This paper is not an attempt to solve the “general inventory problem.”"
"Survey and interview data from one large technologically-based company illustrate the existence of horizontally contending factions rather than the customarily envisioned management-specialist schism."
"Based on a panel of metropolitan areas in the United States from 1993 to 2002, our results indicate that, relative to states that enforce noncompete covenants, an increase in the local supply of venture capital in states that restrict the scope of these agreements has significantly stronger positive effects on (i) the number of patents, (ii) the number of firm starts, and (iii) employment."
"The concepts of scoring models are reviewed."
"However, the computational complexity of the classical MDP algorithms, such as value iteration and policy iteration, is prohibitive and can grow intractably with the size of the problem and its related data."
"Finally, a counterfactual analysis based on our estimates shows that a team formation strategy emphasizing partner exposure outperforms one that emphasizes team familiarity by about 9.2% in our empirical context."
"A comment on modeling the marketing mix decision for industrial products."
"The retail mutual fund market is segmented, where unsophisticated investors rely on financial advisers and sophisticated ones invest directly."
"140–151."
"This paper concerns utility functions for more than one attribute."
"Once more, a procedure is outlined for altering a plant's types and amounts of flexibility over time."
"We propose to measure growth opportunities by firms’ exposure to idiosyncratic volatility news."
"To benchmark the completion time of the autonomous case, we introduce a traditional model for package delivery services that includes the time to search for parking."
"Reliability: management methods, and mathematics."
"The relationship is less pronounced in large fund families and funds with higher expense ratios."
"The model has the property that the longer the waiting line the less likely it is that a new arrival will join the queue."
"We present an algorithm which searches for a simple coordinated control rule minimizing the long-run average cost per unit time subject to a service level constraint per item on the fraction of demand satisfied directly from on-hand inventory."
"The literature on the role of information in platform competition is limited, and as the first to model the use of this information (through preannouncements) as a strategic lever, we characterize the firms’ equilibrium preannouncement strategies under different market conditions including when agents have an option to switch and/or the ability to multihome."
"Effectiveness (the “pay-off”) will be measured in terms of the effect of the system and organization on the productivity of labor."
"Our work contributes to the literatures on performance feedback and UGC production by introducing cooperative performance feedback as a theoretically motivated, novel intervention that speaks directly to users’ altruistic intent in a variety of task settings."
"However, we show that in our market structure these two sophisticated contracts force the manufacturers to compete more aggressively relative to when they only offer wholesale-price contracts, and this may leave them worse off and the retailer substantially better off."
"This paper develops the insight that partial information—which at first scrutiny appears to contain only severely limited information about the system—in many important cases actually contains (or stores) a great deal of the relevant total system information needed for planning (or control)."
"The relational contracts literature suggests that a principal can improve contract self-enforceability by specifying initial requirements that increase the agent’s ex post rents."
"We modeled the impact of the management levers relating to oversight, the intensity of design specialization, and the level of interaction with the customer."
"Specifically, we find the initial usage level to be a key determinant of both the redemption rate of a free-sample offer and the subsequent change in usage owing to free-sample redemption."
"Subjects from environments that support cooperation are more prosocial, more likely to punish selfishness, and more trusting in general."
"In our two-vendor model, the order quantity is split equally between the two vendors and the split orders are placed simultaneously when the inventory position reaches the reorder level."
"More importantly, family firms focus on investing in employee relations that help alleviate labor-related conflicts and controversies, possibly to avoid a negative family reputation among stakeholders."
"This is achieved through a reduction in the firm’s fundamentals volatility and an improvement in information quality."
"to allow the decision maker to choose what kind of questions he wants to answer, and to provide him with enough information to give such answers."
"Second, when more than one locus of sticky information is called upon by problem solvers, the locus of problem solving may iterate among these sites as problem solving proceeds."
"By defining the subject area of operational support in terms of two major areas, reliability and maintainability, all other characteristics of a support system and all related functions may be classified under these two major groupings."
"Certain kinds of machine capacity, tankers, or trucks might be examples."
"But they also generate asymmetric information between firms and their investors."
"Finally, the existence of a Nash equilibrium in cone-shaped strategies is established."
"Third, we identify which countries had more influence on diffusion than others."
"Using data from multiple card issuers, we show that the most common penalty fee type incurred by credit card holders, late payment fees, declines sharply over the first few months of card life."
"In this case, too, the optimality of the 3-region policy is derived and the “smart” customer dichotomy is recognized as the Gambler's Ruin problem."
"We find that innovation quality is highest under private ownership and lowest under public ownership, with acquisition intermediate between the two."
"Within the past decade, the set of techniques used by technological forecasters has expanded considerably."
"As a practical example of the use of these concepts a case study is presented, which deals with the location of sites for new factories in an industrial expansion program."
"Necessary and sufficient characteristics of the family of objective functions are given in due generality although in some cases subject to several differentiability assumptions."
"However, the power of such models may tempt researchers to trust that they continue to produce reasonable estimates, when in fact either model misspecification or insufficient data limits the models' ability to recover household-level parameters successfully."
"We also argue that one promising approach to international generalization is through appropriate statistical adjustment of parameters from existing models."
"In many cases, due to the nature of the research design employed, this stream of research has been unable to identify the impact of individual technologies on organizational performance."
"The experimental results show that, contrary to theoretical predictions, quantity discounts do not necessarily increase the supplier's profits."
"Moreover, such differentiation may take interesting patterns, wherein a firm simultaneously attracts multiple distinct consumer segments that are isolated from each other."
"Using methods due to Manne and Derman for sequential decision problems involving average cost per unit time criteria, it is shown that the problem can be formulated in linear programming terms."
"A fractional analogue of Sinha's problem [Sinha, S. M. 1966."
"For general graphs, both problems MCAPn and MCAPs are shown to be strongly NP-complete."
"In this paper we give bounds for the sequences {sn} and {Sn} and discuss their limiting behavior."
"This procedure has already achieved a considerable stature in industrial and research organizations and promises to attain even greater importance in the future."
"The limitations of the study, such as the implied assumption of linearity of cost data and the neglect of cash discount policy or an integrated investment scheme, do not detract from the operational usefulness of the suggested approach."
"Using survey-based evidence from more than 11,000 Swedish twins, we demonstrate that a number of anomalies such as, for instance, the conjunction fallacy, default bias, and loss aversion are moderately heritable."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"The object is to find an assignment policy which maximizes the expected reward from the available men."
"The coefficient matrices of the problems labeled “A” and “B” exhibit special structures somewhat similar to that of the transportation problem matrix."
"The first heuristic is an LP-based method, while the second uses a combination of LP relaxation and branch and bound."
"1965."
"Our data-driven approach, based on infinite-server queues, yields tractable and scalable solutions that accommodate hundreds of jobs and servers."
"The ultimate strategies are to be based on a subjectively chosen “optimal” balance between customer waiting time to get into the center and relative traffic intensity."
"Human Capital Investments and Employee Performance: An Analysis of IT Services Industry (p. 641)Ravi Bapna, Nishtha Langer, Amit Mehra, Ram Gopal, Alok GuptaDoes training pay in quickly changing industries?"
"Several interesting economic insights emerge from our analysis."
"Offering a subsystem that performs many end-product functions has a dual effect on the provider's profits."
"We use this shock to identify the effect of ownership of publicly listed shares on political behavior."
"In particular, subjects are shown to be insensitive to the feedbacks from their decisions to the environment."
"Our main result is that discretion increases the probability that the same firm wins repeatedly, and it does not deteriorate (and may improve) the procurement outcomes we observe."
"As long as this “TIMS gap” endures, it will be difficult for this organization to attain its stated objectives."
"Then, we examine how capabilities in IT flexibility can enhance the value derived from alliances."
"The approach effectively learns multiple attributes simultaneously and works particularly well when a user's traversal is influenced by the most recently visited pages on a site."
"Process models are compared to variable models."
"This analysis looks across nations and industries to assess the impact of private equity on industry performance."
"Winter) 1–24.)"
"Multivariate Analysis."
"Furthermore, we show that unilateral commitment to static pricing by either firm generally improves profits of both firms."
"The solution may be sought in several ways, perhaps moat efficiently via Lemke's algorithm applied to a linear complementarity problem."
"Specifically, the total number of competitors affected by an action and the importance to these competitors of the markets under attack by the action increase the number of competitive responses."
"We consider two classes of multi-item lot-sizing problems."
"The von Neumann-Morgenstern theory yields a determinate solution (a unique payoff vector) only for the two-person zero-sum game and some other special cases."
"Special emphasis is given to open questions."
"The comparison provides an efficient estimate of the error when approximating an f/f system with an ∞/∞ system and allows the analytical solution of the ∞/∞ model to be used as a control variate."
"This paper summarizes and compares various characteristics of five major general simulation languages."
"One potential weakness with parallel search is that it permits repetition: The same, or a similar, idea might be generated multiple times, because parallel exploration processes typically operate without information about the ideas that have already been identified."
"The information generated can contribute to more stable and implementable plans."
"Investors are much more likely to sue corporations and their auditors for overstated earnings reports than for understated reports."
"Many of the distinctions that appear important in conventional game theory (two-person versus n-person, zero-sum versus variable sum) appear unimportant in the subjective formulation."
"The meeting will be held at the Statler-Hilton Hotel, in downtown Boston."
"Prospector, Analyzer, or Reactor, and its strategy-making mode as Entrepreneurial, Adaptive and Planning."
"By piece-wise linear approximations to the free energy function, the problem becomes a linear program which can be solved by a standard code on a computing machine."
"However, after acceptance, racial and LGBT biases are persistent, while we find no evidence of gender biases."
"Standard economic theories predict that channel efficiency increases with the introduction of the fixed fee and is invariant to its framing."
"What are the determinants of in-house employment versus outsourcing in the service sector?"
"The results suggested by the model show the need for using improved farming techniques through labor-intensive means to obtain a relatively higher degree of specialization and a relatively lower cotton production."
"This paper reports an analysis of the relationships between shareholding and voting power distributions in a sample of British companies."
"We find that local characteristics have significant impact on both the deal demand and the supply side."
"The model can therefore be handled very easily."
"We find that, although better forecasting allows colluding firms to better tailor prices to demand conditions, it also increases each firm’s temptation to deviate to a lower price in time periods of high predicted demand."
"Because the unreviewed movies tend to be below average in quality, this practice provides a useful setting in which to test models of limited strategic thinking."
"We find considerable variation in the performance of allocation policies: Some intuitively reasonable policies generate essentially no competition among servers to work quickly, whereas others generate too much competition, thereby causing some servers to refuse to work with the buyer."
"Speculators may enter the market purely with the intention of resale, which can be profitable if demand turns out to be high."
"Psychological models attempt to accommodate the numerous violations of rationality axioms, including independence and transitivity."
"The insight for management: The heuristics embedded in costing systems have a big impact on resource allocation; improved costing methodologies can result in improved allocation decisions."
"The authors also show that internal linkages are associated with more knowledge flow within firms and less knowledge expropriation by collocated competitors."
"We further validate the robustness of our model under different profit conditions."
"The analysis therefore illustrates how investors can achieve their desired performance profile for funds under management through an appropriate combined choice of the benchmark and money manager."
"In various industries end-product manufacturers acquire core subsystems from upstream technology provider firms and focus primarily on efficient end-product integration."
"We characterize the cost of multisourcing, showing among other things that it is always costly for the buyer to split its award among more suppliers if the suppliers’ costs are regularly distributed, but that doing so can actually reduce the buyer’s expected auction payment if the suppliers’ costs are not regularly distributed."
"This paper proposes to measure the spillover effects that cross liabilities generate on the magnitude of default in a system of financially linked institutions."
"Several models have been advanced to explain these patterns, with a particular focus on explaining why a shakeout in the number of firms occurs."
"The authors find that the strategic use of first-party content by two-sided platforms is driven by two key factors: the nature of buyer and seller expectations (favorable versus unfavorable) and the nature of the relationship between first-party content and third-party content (complements or substitutes)."
"J. Indust."
"This is done through: the linkage of a set of organizational centers around a mission assignment, the initial search at the overall task level, the search within task components, the broadcast of actions and task laws to all or many centers, the identification and resolution of inconsistencies between components and the conduct of joint search, and the iteration on these steps until an overall consistent set of actions has been established."
"Numerical examples suggest that in some cases, concentrated (heterogeneous) industries may do worse."
"Management Sci.2 (3) 232–260. ("
"However, the addition of an experience component to the original TAM may be a significant enhancement."
"Hypotheses were stated on strategy “fit” of specific strategy type with strategy-making modes, where strategic fit contributes to organizational performance."
"Such processes are equivalent to ones satisfying the contraction and monotonicity properties (Denardo [Denardo, E. V., 1967."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"The solution procedure presented is capable of dealing with these and other trade-offs in a systematic manner."
"Almost without exception these papers are devoted to the determination of optimal purchasing quantities at a single installation faced with some pattern of demand."
"These algorithms set the stage for the introduction of a genetic algorithm that uses job permutations as the population."
"We propose a new test which maintains the specified Type I error levels."
"The first application allows us to define the social discount rate under model uncertainty."
"We hope that this model will serve as the basis for a broader use of management science techniques in the study of other politico-economic systems."
"Multiattribute One-Switch Utility (p. 602)Ilia Tsetlin, Robert L. WinklerThe “one-switch” property states that the preference between any two lotteries switches at most once as wealth increases."
"Use of this model would permit a finance manager to appraise the profitability of possible lock-box installations."
"On the other hand, when investing in another person’s idea, even if it is not competing with their own idea, they are underconfident about the value of, and insufficiently likely to invest in, the idea."
"And the aim of this paper is to develop, albeit in rough and sketchy form, some specifications for “Management Science.”"
"Control theory can assist in establishing the credibility of existing energy-economic systems models, since it presents a better understanding of model response."
"$15;—Blanc-Lapierre, A. and R. Foktet, Theory of Random Functions, vol."
"However, despite their pervasive use in practice, there have been no reported empirical tests of these tools."
"Also consistent with superstition effects, newly listed firms with lucky listing codes experience inferior post-IPO abnormal returns."
"The key input to these models is market demand, which is often assumed to inherit the characteristics of consumer behavior—as when, for example, one assumes that a market consisting of loss-averse consumers is more responsive to losses than to gains."
"We then develop two heuristics to obtain approximate solutions to the TDP."
"However, when the product cost is high and there are sufficient novice (less sophisticated) product users, the two types of information are substitutes, and the seller's best response is to reduce the amount of product attribute information it offers, even if it is cost-free to provide such information."
"Princeton, New Jersey: Princeton University Press, 1962, $6.00, 194 pp—reviewed by H. J. Ryser."
"No known approximations work well consistently when the coefficient of variation of the demand is greater than two."
"This paper was accepted by Jesper Sørensen, organizations."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"Under very general assumptions on the form of the effort function, we show that buy-backs adversely affect supply chain profits, and higher buy-back prices imply lower profits."
"In this paper we describe the development and use of such an approach to solve binary quadratic programs."
"Instead, they are consistent with a model that underweights the order-time payments, which can be explained by the “prospective accounting” theory in the mental accounting literature."
"The purpose of this study is to investigate the use of competitive compensation between a manager and a worker in the laboratory."
"Quart.25 77–88.],"
"It can also provide meaningful objectives for the development of more adequate leaders."
"Such campaigns often take the form of charity-linked promotions, whereby a firm donates a specific amount to a charitable cause when a customer takes up the promotion through a related purchase."
"Contract pricing involves both a reservation fee per unit of capacity and an execution fee per unit of output if capacity is called."
"On the positive side, the provider extracts a higher ease-of-use rent from the integrators because of the easier/cheaper integration."
"The paper characterizes when comparative static results of this sort exist."
"We run a randomized field experiment on a top retailer with 184,375 users split into a recommender-treated group and a control group."
"Coordination and expediting efforts have been reduced, in-process inventory has been reduced along with worker idle time, and schedule performance has improved."
"In this paper, a dynamic continuous time model of the firm, encompassing operations and investments, is formulated as an optimal control problem in an activity analysis context."
"We show that entrepreneurs can benefit from this influence, because customer investors provide some of the support usually received from institutional investors."
"This paper was accepted by Martin Lariviere, operations management."
"A solution for the general nonsymmetric duel is conjectured."
"Specifically, this paper presents an investigation of the effects of graphical formats and task demands upon decision processes and decision outcomes."
"The empirical applicability and managerial usefulness of the proposed theory is illustrated using a transportation example with three alternatives."
"The methods are illustrated for a path independent model (European options), a path dependent model (Asian options), and a model with multiple state variables (options with stochastic volatility)."
"Theorists have long believed that Dutch auctions are strategically equivalent to standard sealed bidding."
"Measures of sophisticated hyperbolic discounting correlate negatively with take-up and default, and positively with penalty choices."
"This paper presents models of slow Dutch auctions that include these costs and explain this belief."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2695.This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"Here, we take a first step by analyzing the behavior of two self-selected types of traders."
"failure"
"Furthermore, that increase is driven by both the operator and the service provider."
"A simple and insightful solution is presented for the loss probability."
"They test these anecdotes with rigorous analysis, and they unexpectedly find that, in certain situations, lower piracy enforcement increases the monopolist's incentive to invest in quality."
"Detailed records on cost and R…D coupled with insights from company personnel are used to explain the variation across products in the rate of cost reduction."
"Orders are placed (or production is initiated) periodically by the depot."
"In the second stage, after demand for products are known, the firm implements its production decisions, constrained by the first-stage investments."
"Several siting methodologies are rated on the various attributes and these ratings are analyzed to determine the adequacy of each methodology."
"An important component of marketing strategy is to “position” a product in perceptual space."
"For each statement, the members were asked only to note whether they agreed or disagreed."
"This paper develops a framework for analyzing the economics of such projects."
"To address this gap, we propose an N-brand awareness formation model, design an extended Kalman filter to estimate the proposed model using market data for five car brands over time, and derive the optimal closed-loop Nash equilibrium strategies for every brand."
"Thus, it is thought that perfect and costless technological protection would benefit both firms and consumers."
"From a firm's perspective, the issue is how to update vulnerable systems with available patches."
"This paper was accepted by Charles Corbett, operations management."
"We hypothesize that firm experience prior to setting up a new venture influences the ability to learn from experience after start-up (which is a key capability), and that this relationship is moderated by the importance of learning by doing within the new venture's industry (which is a critical aspect of the industry environment)."
"This paper is another plea for bridging behavioral and economic approaches to the study of competition in markets and strategy making by firms."
"We then use the model to study a variety of issues in supply chain management, including the gains to coordinating suppliers, the optimal level of buyer power, and the desirability of subsidizing suppliers."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.2124.This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"We show via simulation that a simple design strategy based on these insights has potential to improve success rates from 5.4% to 8.1%.This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"Under those conditions, firms tend to test competitors’ products and exert high compliance effort."
"The results are largely consistent with our contingency model."
"These models are equally attractive to theoreticians, decision modelers, and designers of knowledge-based systems."
"This paper was accepted by Brian Bushee, accounting."
"A maximum entropy approach leads to a truncated normal distribution for the activity time in PERT analysis."
"failure"
"This paper was accepted by Gérard Cachon, stochastic models and simulation."
"The buyer is privately informed about his type, which can be high or low: the high type's demand is stochastically larger than the low type's."
"The applicability of the procedure to larger networks, as well as other stochastic systems, is discussed, and a general method is given for its implementation."
"Our results reflect on current economic models of utility and have implications for organizational decision-making behavior."
"An important design problem for queueing systems is to determine the best order for two or more service stations in series."
"This paper analyzes a utility power plant construction project using an option pricing model of the value of the capital investment."
"These results extend research which indicates that different information processing requirements require systematically different organizational processes to attend to that uncertainty."
"The use of scientific methods, in the development of Air Force programs and plans and in the determination of the logistic support required, has occurred primarily in association with the use of large-scale electronic data processing systems."
"We find that funds that trade more actively in response to changes in the stocks’ information tangibility earn higher risk-adjusted returns."
"The match between environment and strategy was in turn positively related to financial performance."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at https://doi.org/http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1776This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"The adoption of management science models has typically been studied in time frames of less than two years."
"That is, significantly outperforming managers are less likely to be fired in the future, so they are likely to take on more relative risk, but, interestingly, underperforming managers are more likely to be fired in the future, so they also take on more risk."
"For instance, we show that reallocating 10% of the average observed investment from Fitness to Beauty can increase profits by up to 15.5% for some cities."
"The optimal ordering policy for a n-period dynamic inventory problem in which the ordering cost is linear plus a fixed reorder cost and the other one-period costs are convex is characterized by a pair of critical numbers, (sn, Sn); see Scarf, [4]."
"Numerical experiments demonstrate that the proposed method leads to dramatic variance reduction in QMC methods for pricing options and for estimating Greeks."
"The evolution of an earnings profile is consistent with these sorting patterns: The earnings trajectories of basic and applied scientists are distinct from each other in academia but are similar in industry."
"The improved predictions lead to substantially higher revenue gains in a simulated coupon personalization problem."
"Those of us who have tried to elicit subjective probability distributions in the context of corporate systems can sympathize with his position that no “objective” way has yet been proposed."
"Consequently, a flexible subsidy policy is on average more expensive, unless there is a significant negative demand correlation across time periods."
"We observe that, when input from a high-quality advisor largely agrees with a person’s initial opinion, it engenders little change in one’s point estimate and, hence, little change in accuracy yet significantly increases confidence."
"Complementary to our experimental findings we show a strong and significant negative association between unfair pay and health outcomes, in particular cardiovascular health."
"However, if the uncertainty is sufficiently high, then the introduction of option contracts alters the equilibrium prices in a way that hurts the retailer."
"By differentiating the decision rules with respect to the various cost coefficients expressions for the decision errors due to errors in the cost function are obtained."
"In this paper we discuss the relevancy of the geometric mean as a portfolio selection criteria."
"Policy analysis can facilitate the negotiation process by the use of compensation to redistribute gains and losses between the different parties."
"Effective work groups engage in external knowledge sharing—the exchange of information, know-how, and feedback with customers, organizational experts, and others outside of the group."
"Management Science publishes research on theory, methodology and empirical results."
"This paper expands, in table form, a model of power measurement developed by a political scientist (Robert A. Dahl), and then applies this power measurement table to business decision making at the board of directors level."
"Results show that C-MSKF is more accurate than MSKF."
"Manufacturing costs are particularly high in the biotechnology industry because process technologies are relatively new."
"Examination of venture-funded startups in the networking/data communications industry sectors reveals that those startups that participate in an open standards community (the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)) have a greater likelihood of an initial public offering or acquisition."
"This paper argues that the value of external knowledge sharing increases when work groups are more structurally diverse."
"The procedures are applied to the aircraft departure forecasting problem and are compared with methods currently used by the air traffic management system."
"However, this standard wisdom overlooks the possibility that the benefit of learning may itself be eroded if change is an ongoing property of the environment."
"We provide new rationales for corporate venturing, based on competition for talented managers."
"In our setting, ceteris paribus, conservative accounting is desirable because it allows the board of directors to better oversee the firm’s investment decisions."
"We also explore whether peak times moderate (through increased pay to drivers) or exacerbate (by signaling that there are many riders, allowing drivers to be more selective) these biases."
"We note that the abnormal returns generated by the quality award winning announcements provide a lower bound for the impact of implementing an effective quality award improvement program."
"This article shows how it is possible to visualize such data and to detect cardinal and ordinal inconsistencies in the respondent's judgments."
"Bicycle riding is representative of continuous control, while operating a computer is clearly procedural.(2) Forgetting is a function of the amount learned and the passage of time, not of the learning rate or other variables."
"When taking the empirical Bayesian approach of Scarf (1959), they simultaneously stock the product over time and learn about the distribution."
"Examples are presented to illustrate the theory."
"failure"
"Sales in our model are constrained by available inventory."
"The research analyzes data collected from a national mass merchandising retailer on 29 software enhancement projects and 23 software applications in a large IBM COBOL environment."
"These interdependencies allow project prioritization by inducing different effort levels in otherwise identical projects."
"The approach, called adaptive design optimization, adapts the stimulus in each experimental trial based on the results of the preceding trials."
"In this paper, we connect these two important decisions and study them jointly."
"One level can be exemplified by a “fight,” i.e., a combat motivated only by mutual animosity or mutual fear."
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"First, to define the Level and Quota cutoff methods, broadly characterize optimal behavior for each and determine what aspects of the decision environment of order statistics as a methodology for exploring decision problems when information is imperfectly known; and third, to discuss the pivotal role of default, or fallback, options in a broad class of search problems."
"That is as the probability of success rises from 0 to 1, the optimal policy may be: wait, buy, wait, buy, and adopt."
"Consistent with the developed theory, shifting to a temporally frequent quota structure leads to an increase in sales performance for low-performing salespeople by preventing them from giving up in later periods within a quota-evaluation cycle, but to a decrease in sales performance for high-performing salespeople."
"We study the foreign externalities of the recent U.S. tax reform, commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA)."
"Our objective is to examine how loyalties toward the competing brands influence whether or not firms would use price promotions in a product category."
"failure"
"A general theme of this paper is that enriched models are needed to bring bidding theory closer to direct applicability in decision making."
"We postulate the following shape characteristics for the cost functions production costs are convex-like, smoothing costs are V-shaped, and holding costs are increasing, both the production and holding cost functions need not be stationary."
"Some have argued that it matters little which procedure is used, whereas others strongly favored particular methods."
"In this paper we wish to relate these optimum long run or asymptotic portfolios to the set of efficient portfolios."
"Management Sci.30 (September) 1078–1092.),"
"Having access to such prediction oracles enables simple and natural Bayesian selection policies and raises the question as to how these policies perform in different settings."
"In this paper, we develop a model for this approach and use this model to test the operating characteristics of our system."
"The theory is illustrated with a hypothetical example from the analgesics market and some of the potential psychometric measurements are illustrated with an empirical application in the communications market."
"All current aggregate planning models are suitable only for constant productivity situations."
"The authors extend CPT with a new measure of loss aversion for large payoffs, called the large-loss aversion degree (LLAD), and they show that the size of the loss relative to a benchmark is important for accurately describing and predicting behaviors."
"If such a model is conceptually false then no stochastic refinement can validate it, although some statistical tests might be improved slightly."
"First, we identify and empirically establish the mechanisms that bring about a higher cost of debt to privately owned firms—namely, the limited access that these firms have to the equity capital market, their high rate of management and private-equity ownership, and their less conservative reporting."
"The four resulting papers appear together in this issue of Management Science."
"Computational results are given which summarize the current level of experience with the algorithm."
"Our analysis suggests that uncertainty regarding reporting weakness affects both the level of the market-to-book ratio and its association with firm size."
"The purpose of this paper is to review various opinions and differences of opinion which have been expressed concerning that aspect of research referred to as “implementation.”"
"Unpublished Paper, University of Newcastle, Newcastle, N.S.W. 1975, quoted in Watts [1978].)"
"The findings of the paper suggest that a balance in combining current knowledge with the knowledge available across large time spans is an important factor that explains the impact of new knowledge."
"$7.95;—Rivett, Patrick, An Introduction to Operations Research."
"Using a stylized economic model, this paper attempts to explain and compare the benefits of last-minute sales directly to consumers versus through an opaque intermediary."
"Promised Delivery Time and Capacity Games in Time-Based Competition (p. 599)Weixin Shang, Liming LiuA firm wants to promise quick delivery to make the sale but has to guard against the risk of breaking that promise and reducing its quality of service."
"Real data are imperfect and noisy, so there is no guarantee that this assumption is satisfied."
"The steady state probabilities, the probability of blocking (not being served immediately) for both loss and delay systems are investigated."
"The mathematical framework consists of sets of k node or junction equations, m potential or branch equations, and n economic evaluation equations and a methodology for their application."
"The following problem is solved by the calculus of variations: How should a monopolist sell off a fixed stock of a commodity so as to maximize the present value of profits if demand per time unit is linear in price and subject to exogenous growth, deterioration is proportional to remaining stock, and carrying cost is proportional to stock."
"A fourth experiment was conducted to develop baseline data on the time required to make comparative judgments vs. number of items to be judged, by the ranking method and by the simplest paired comparisons method."
"However, they can also be vulnerable to potential search frictions."
"Finally, results indicate that the analogous market effect is particularly strong in the upper tail of the novelty distribution, which again underscores the effect's practical importance."
"Finally, an alternative approach to strategic decisions on inventory control operations will be outlined."
"Here, we experimentally demonstrate such spillovers."
"In this paper lower and upper bounds are given for the cost of an optimal schedule."
"The model will generate daily rain patterns of a spatial and temporal sequence correlated from over a large number of sub areas (fields or farms) within the region."
"Fallacious inconsistency occurs when an a priori optimal strategy is suboptimal in the second period, thus requiring the decision-maker to depart from the original strategy."
"The persistence of the bullwhip effect is explained to some extent by evidence that decision makers consistently underweight the supply line when making order decisions."
"Rev.49(3) 253–283), we call these measures satisficing measures and show that they are dual to classes of risk measures."
"We implement a gym-attendance incentive intervention and elicit subjects' predictions of their postintervention attendance."
"PERT-type subjective estimations are used in many stochastic decision models to estimate the random variables' mean and standard deviation (s.d.)."
"In the second experiment, we find that the bullwhip, and the underlying tendency of underweighting, remains when information on inventory levels is shared."
"We describe two experiments that investigate newsvendor decisions across different profit conditions."
"They also weigh consistency of activity relative to industry average in making inferences about credibility."
"Two simple, well-known rules (the spherical and the quadratic) are shown to be effective with respect to suitable metrics."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2162.This paper was accepted by Martin Lariviere, operations management."
"Solutions to Nugent's plant location problems may be improved by using square plant shapes."
"The model emphasizes factors in the design of compensation contracts that are rarely considered in the literature, such as equity ownership of the largest outside shareholder and the firm's bankruptcy risk."
"Producers in these markets are not rivalrous competitors in the usual zero-sum sense, because output of each casts an externality on production decisions of others and total market demand expands with total output, albeit with diminishing returns."
"It is seen that considerable savings can be realized by considering d.f."
"Models for the estimation of technical and scale inefficiencies in data envelopment analysis."
"A descriptive mathematical model describing the flows between the various categories is used to predict the trends both with and without intervention."
"The analysis draws special attention to the possibility that equilibrium may involve lower ability contestants choosing higher effort and winning the contest."
"Reduction of new product development cycle time and improvements in product performance have become strategic objectives for many technology-driven firms."
"Arbitrage occurs in approximately 1% of transactions, although electronic trading is making arbitrage less prevalent by improving buyer/seller matching across locations."
"What planning models have been built to cope with these real and vital top-management problems?"
"A complete preference order for group decision was obtained for a situation in which significant disagreement exists among group members and where funding is limited."
"Most interestingly, we show that resource flexibility mitigates the underinvestment problem because it reduces the probability that a firm will go bankrupt with some of its capacity being fully utilized."
"are frequently faced with the task of establishing a new project's due date, which must compete with other projects already in progress or expected (forecasted) to start in the future."
"A stock-pile of non-identical units3."
"This research note examines the factors that influence IT investment in developed and developing countries to determine how greater investment might be stimulated to achieve productivity gains."
"700–712) in a model of static firm competition."
"Simple rate comparisons, the use of biographical characteristics of the individual, and the use of a formal definition of resignation are all parts of the method of resignation analysis in common use among students of administration, personnel technicians, and executives."
"Since the same individuals invest repeatedly, we construct a panel data set that we use to disentangle heterogeneity in attitudes toward risk across investors, from the elasticity of risk aversion to changes in wealth."
"In place of a survey or evaluation of industrial studies, two broad issues which are relevant to all such applications will be discussed."
"$17.50;—Rosenberg, Morris, The Logic of Survey Analysis."
"This is a two-price system; it implies discriminatory and also marginal cost pricing."
"In this paper we develop a semi-Markov formulation for modelling transitions of physicians, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants between different settings and locations within a geographic area."
"American Elsevier Publishing Co., Inc., New York, and North-Holland Publishing Company."
"This article investigates the role of option contracts in a supply chain when the demand curve is downward sloping."
"Moreover, bidders are exposed to the “winner’s curse” and a seller can attain higher revenue by hiding information in order to leverage the intensive risk."
"The manager compares a known standard with one alternative whose unknown reward is inferred with sampling."
"We show that when each supplier announces a single (wholesale) price, such a game leads to a conflict of incentives and is not realistic in most practical settings."
"The body of this paper will consist of material relevant to the actual problem; a development of the theory as needed in our presentation will be found in the Appendix."
"The GERT (Graphical Evaluation and Review Technique) includes the modeling of systems in network form and analysis through simulation."
"The study examines fairness for individuals and for homogeneous groups within the population."
"I develop a quantitative framework with uncertainty fluctuations and endogenous bank default to study the dynamics of shadow banking."
"A major challenge in the creation of custom-designed products lies in the elicitation of customer needs."
"A dynamic, deterministic, linear programming model was used to obtain approximate solutions to the actual problem which is both dynamic and stochastic."
"Using this model we iteratively solve for the whole network."
"Evidence from this paper suggests that close social ties between board members and CEOs impact the workings of the board of directors."
"In the European Union (EU), privacy regulation has been passed that restricts advertisers' ability to collect data on Web users in order to target ad campaigns."
"Inconsistent with this assertion, we find that hedge fund equity portfolios are remarkably independent."
"Thus, the source of the expected revenue advantage of English auctions over second-price auctions is only stochastically available."
"When an estimator of the variance of the sample mean is parameterized by batch size, one approach for selecting batch size is to pursue the minimal mean squared error (mse)."
"The “applied” fields of business (marketing, production, finance, and so on) should, at least now, be viewed primarily as important problem areas where best solutions depend on the effective application of such fundamental tools."
"In the absence of the mandate-induced transparency, competition does not necessarily alleviate shortages, but with the regulation, competition can relieve drug shortages."
"The sale of ideas through licensing facilitates the division of labor between the separate activities of research and development."
"While external information enters the organization via boundary spanning individuals, the exercise of influence at lower levels of the organization is dependent on mediating critical organizational contingencies."
"We also consider the more general problem (GENCAP) in which capacity consumption depends on the specific set of tasks assigned to the facility."
"A large number of experiments have been carried out and the numerical results support the conjecture that the same formula holds for problems with a number of states n < 3."
"The purpose of this paper is to illustrate some applications of the functional equation technique of the theory of dynamic programming to a general class of problems arising in the study of networks, particularly those arising in transportation theory."
"The program evaluation procedure distinguishes between managerial and programmatic inefficiency and uses the Mann-Whitney rank statistic to evaluate the statistical significance of the differences observed between a treatment program and its control group program after adjusting for differences in managerial efficiency between the programs."
"Our results show that the experimental social preference games do a poor job explaining both social behaviors in the field and social behaviors from the past."
"The main advantage of the direct methods over resimulation is increased computational speed."
"We have used the term “implementation” to refer to the manner in which the results of scientific effort may come to be used by the manager."
"In 2012, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration mandated all manufacturers to report any manufacturing interruption that can potentially cause shortages."
"This paper was accepted by Sendil Ethiraj, organizations."
"The authors study how EU privacy regulation has influenced advertising effectiveness by analyzing the responses of 3.3 million survey takers who had been exposed to 9,596 online display (banner) advertising campaigns."
"One of our main analytical results is that a competitive structure can result in lower prices over time for the handset, but higher prices for the phonecalls, depending on production costs of the handset."
"We find that increasing the demand lead time is more beneficial than decreasing the supply lead time. ("
"In this paper, we study a multiperiod model, with a buyer facing stochastic end-item demand and a supplier offering an all-units quantity discount to him, to understand better the dynamics of such systems."
"Empirical studies show that high balance delay is associated with a wide range of work-element times and a high degree of line mechanization."
"Financial integration allows banks in different regions to smooth local liquidity shocks by borrowing and lending on a world interbank market."
"We find that personalization improves clicks to the top position by 3.5% and reduces the average error in rank of a click by 9.43% over the baseline."
"Operations and Supply Chains is the current title for a department that has evolved through several different titles in recent years, reflecting its evolving mission from a focus on classical operations research at the time of ORSA's founding 50 years ago toward an embrace of a broader body of theory."
"This paper examines whether experience from entry in one market can potentially enhance profitability at a future market opportunity for a related product."
"Several sets of axioms for risk that characterize different forms for risk measurement are presented."
"$9.00—reviewed by Wroe Alderson;—Economic Theory and Operations Analysis."
"We consider four payoff configurations, with differential monetary incentives to lie, implemented as within-subjects treatment variables."
"Unfortunately, the number of integer variables required is rather large, making them impractical to solve for an optimal solution in most applications."
"The outcome of the design procedure, termed the market matrix, is a schedule which specifies which salesman calls on each customer, and the sales call frequencies which maximize the total sales from all territories."
"This suggests that the strong relationship commonly found between unit cost and measures of production experience may reflect incentives to reduce cost as much as learning from production experience."
"However, empirical evidence is mixed."
"We show that cross-sectional variation in the speed of their trading reactions can be explained by the number of privately informed investors, institutional ownership, the expected profits from informed trading and associated risk of attracting the attention of enforcement agencies, and the existence of public information about the acquisition deal."
"The results obtained are exploited to provide simple and intuitive computational procedures for finding optimal production schedules for a range of parameter values."
"Second, also using panel data methods, we show that our mobility measures are important predictors of infections: roughly, a 10% increase in mobility correlates with a 5% increase in the rate of infection."
"Our analysis shows that transaction costs in the sharing market have a nonmonotonic effect on the firm’s profits, consumer surplus, and social welfare."
"This note extends the minimum maximum distance single facility location problem to situations where the locations of prospective demand points are considered to be random variables."
"The Dialectical Inquiry System (DIS) and the Devil's Advocate (DA) have been recommended as strategic decision-making aids and as improvements on the traditional expert (E) approach in which strategic decisions are based on preliminary analyses and proposals by staff experts."
"The paper concludes with the results of an extensive numerical test of both the accuracy of the approximation and the performance of the heuristic with respect to the true optimal solution."
"Book Reviews—An Introduction to Electronic Data Processing for Business, Leonard W. Hein."
"We describe a field experiment measuring the impact of bundling instantly gratifying but guilt-inducing “want” experiences (enjoying page-turner audiobooks) with valuable “should” behaviors providing delayed rewards (exercising)."
"Results from the analysis offer support for the hypotheses developed in the paper."
"These inefficiencies, however, fade as product margins and demand characteristics (mean/variance) improve, and they are less severe under equity (rather than utility) token issuance."
"It is shown that the axioms are self-contradictory."
"In analyzing bidding, modeling matters."
"This paper proposes a systematic approach to certain parameter estimation problems relevant to applied optimization models."
"In order to characterize the optimal operating policy, we first formulate the problem as a semi-Markov decision process."
"This study illuminates the institutional underpinnings of debt market efficiency, and it has important implications for information content tests in the debt market, where trading is limited."
"We find differential effects of ESWOM on stockholdings of institutional investors."
"A multi-terminal network consists of several demand nodes connected to a common source node through several intermediate nodes."
"Furthermore, we will discuss how these aggregation methods can form the basis of an iterative solution approach."
"We first propose a replenishment policy for the supplier, which incorporates information about the inventory position of the retailers."
"However, the results also show that highly compensated GCs play an important gatekeeping role in keeping the firm in compliance with generally accepted accounting principles."
"We find that P3Fs lead to increased licensing within a year of the event."
"We offer a general treatment that allows one to analyze the full range of organizational architectures between extreme centralized and decentralized forms (often referred to as hierarchies and polyarchies)."
"Furthermore, we find that the magnitude of financial consequences of device recalls is affected by the product scope, sales, growth prospects, and the capital structure of a firm."
"Baltimore: Penguin Books, 1967, 413 pp.,"
"We find evidence that mailed appeals are more effective when they emphasize disaster preparedness and training efforts over post-disaster cleanup."
"We analyze the Volcker Rule’s announcement effects on U.S. bank holding companies."
"The study concludes by suggesting that greater attention be devoted to studying “nested innovation,” i.e., innovation within a new organizational form that is itself an administrative innovation."
"this linear programming model represents another instance in which every basis is pure triangular and contains no elements but zero, +1, and −1."
"Following in this tradition, we explore the effect of institutional prestige on university technology licensing."
"Section IV involves the notion of simulation, together with examples of how this idea can be used in management."
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"Also, “Portfolio Selection,” Journal of Finance, March 1952.)."
"This research was motivated by design problems in queueing theory where the objective function is composed of a discrete variable and a continuous variable."
"These firms also contributed significantly more to the industry's technical progress."
"The numbers of such additional flights were chosen to produce the same amount of unsatisfied passenger demand as that which had been estimated for the “Runway Extension” option."
"The analysis takes into account that the generation of electricity at the wholesale level is organized competitively in some U.S. jurisdictions, but in others a regulated utility provides integrated generation and distribution services."
"Overall, our evidence sheds light on the role of sentiment in housing market decisions."
"Across four studies we demonstrate the bias in naturalistic settings such as pedestrians assessing the risk of crossing the street, individuals estimating the risk posed from an unsavory person, and people assessing the contamination risk of an object."
"We discuss the implications of these arguments for product and organization design."
"The results suggest that even slight manipulations of the human–computer interface can contribute significantly to the successful design of a wide variety of group collaboration environments."
"This result is robust to allowing trading when investors are risk neutral."
"Such a prescription method would allow a properly constituted automatic dispatching component to recursively subdivide this macro-program into subjobs that are performable by an independent component of the computer."
"We define a portfolio inefficiency measure based on the divergence between given probabilities and the nearest probabilities that rationalize a given portfolio for some admissible utility function."
"A ‘Wait-and-See’ problem in stochastic linear programming."
"Both responses lead to significant decay in performance."
"While the platform approach offers a number of benefits, it also imposes certain additional costs that have not received adequate research attention."
"It utilizes new and existing dominance rules and bound arguments."
"Individual decision making behavior under uncertainty is queried by experiments."
"Unless the manager is highly risk averse, sorting dampens optimal pay-performance sensitivity (PPS) because PPS beyond a nominal amount transfers unnecessary (information) rent to the manager."
"This study contributes to the literature by identifying a key technological factor that affects government spending and showing that IT investments can be a means to restrain government growth."
"We show how team cognitive diversity both enhances and inhibits team cognition, or the manner in which information is organized and distributed within the team."
"We show that only low-income travelers fly with low-cost airlines, while no-frills carriers are more likely to act as a platform than legacy airlines."
"For a decision problem having consequences described by a single attribute, the task of determining a utility function can be facilitated by verifying that the decision maker's risk attitude satisfies a condition such as constant risk aversion."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2168.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"This finding suggests that the interaction between disagreement and underreaction to earnings news affects asset prices."
"New York: Reinhold Publishing Corporation, 1967, $13.50, 239 pp—reviewed by Norman Agin;—Connors, Michael M. and Daniel Teichroew, Optimal Control of Dynamic Operations Research Models."
"The results suggest that the weaker brand gains more from price promotions."
"A zero-one (0-1) linear programming formulation of multiproject and job-shop scheduling problems is presented that is more general and computationally tractable than other known formulations."
"The main problem of interest is a conditional stochastic optimization problem, given imperfect observations, where the joint probability distributions that specify the problem are unknown."
"The authors study the online market for peer-to-peer (P2P) lending, in which individuals bid on unsecured microloans sought by other individual borrowers."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"When the calibration is done properly, the decision maker is forced to tackle the task which Morris proposes to avoid."
"Exactly how does productivity spill over across this type of relationship (i.e., through which mechanisms)?"
"Customers place their orders in advance, and delivery is flexible in the sense that early shipment is allowed."
"A quasi-experimental design is used to explore managers' abilities to estimate the parameters of a decision-calculus model (ADBUDG) and to examine the value of this model in decision-making."
"We find that when the firm strategically chooses its retail price, consumers’ sharing of products with high marginal costs is a win-win situation for the firm and the consumers, whereas their sharing of products with low marginal costs can be a lose-lose situation."
"We introduce random projection, an important dimension-reduction tool from machine learning, for the estimation of aggregate discrete-choice models with high-dimensional choice sets."
"FABLE finds and proves an optimal solution to the 64 problems in a total of 3.16 seconds of IBM 3090 CPU time."
"Using standard methods of optimal control theory we characterize qualitatively the structure of an optimal advertising strategy for different versions of the diffusion model."
"The rapid pace of technological innovation necessitates that information technology (IT) services firms continually invest in replenishing the skills of their key asset base, the human capital."
"Under certain conditions, we prove that, for the same computational cost, the variance of our estimator is lower than the variance of the standard Monte Carlo estimator by a factor of order d. Our method can be used to obtain a low-variance unbiased estimator for the expectation of a function of the state of a Markov chain at a given time step."
"Contrary to the conventional wisdom, the firm cannot abuse its informational advantage to steer consumers into overestimation, and price discrimination may strictly benefit the consumers who avoid overpaying."
"Our algorithms balance product popularity with diversity, the notion of appealing to a large variety of heterogeneous customers."
"The main conclusions of the analysis are:(1) The U.S. domestic trunklines can continue to lay claim to being the safest group of airlines in the world."
"Harsanyi develops the concept of a Bayesian equilibrium, which is a Nash equilibrium of a game in which the players' reciprocal beliefs about each others' attributes are consistent with a common prior distribution, as though they had been jointly drawn at random from populations with commonly-known proportions of types."
"This paper was accepted by Anandhi Bharadwaj, information systems."
"In particular, we demonstrate that a firm's decision to cede procurement choices to its individual divisions can help moderate inventory levels and provide a natural salve on supply chain frictions."
"We assume that information acquisition takes a simple “additive form”—the value of an alternative is the sum of two components, which the decision maker can learn by undertaking two stages of information acquisition."
"4 (July 1960), pp."
"The insight for management: The ideal of information sharing is more easily achieved if revenue-sharing contracts provide the appropriate incentives for cooperation."
"We develop a model of competition between banks and a marketplace lender to motivate empirical tests using local market data on U.S. banks and the largest marketplace lending platform."
"In this paper we investigate importance sampling techniques for the simulation of Markovian systems with highly reliable components."
"An auction mechanism is developed to derive prices that motivate the caches to hold objects in a manner such that the optimal social welfare is attained."
"With bigger changes, the advantages of strong ties to resistors are weaker and may turn into liabilities that reduce the likelihood of change adoption."
"We discuss the estimation of derivatives of a performance measure using the likelihood ratio method in simulations of highly reliable Markovian systems."
"Upper and Lower bounds are developed and used to measure the effectiveness of the procedure."
"This paper presents a method, called the convex simplex method, for minimizing a convex objective function subject to linear inequality constraints."
"Some individuals do not hesitate to incur a cost to improve their rank by sabotaging others' work or by increasing artificially their own performance."
"Then a principle of Maximum Decisional Efficiency (MDE) is proposed and its relationship to the Maximum Likelihood principle of statistics is discussed."
"Team size increases with project risk, decreases with profitability, and decreases with monitoring costs as a proportion of output."
"Generally, a base warranty is offered when the manufacturer is very cost efficient in providing a warranty relative to the retailer."
"Within this setup, we introduce a general turn-and-earn allocation rule that allows the entire sales history to influence allocation levels."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.2042.This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"The authors contrast single-unit treatments with multiple-unit treatments in which participants encounter several units of a good (e.g., five chocolates)."
"However, our tests indicate that it is the accrual characteristic rather than the accrual factor loading that predicts returns."
"Some assignments are fixed and some are flexible allowing a choice of machines; operation times for the flexible assignments are assumed to be equal."
"Wireless number portability (WNP) is a telecommunication regulatory policy that requires cellular phone service providers to allow customers who switch service subscriptions to retain their original phone numbers."
"Enhancements and errata to the author's paper “A Balasian-Based Algorithm for Zero-One Polynomial Programming,” Management Science, Vol."
"They can be used not only in determining system costs for various quality standards but also for measuring the cost sensitivity to changes in the design stream and wastewater flows and treatment facility location."
"I take the diversity of point of view as a sign of a healthy organism."
"In my second experiment, I use a selected pool of motivated subjects but still observe no difference between these two treatments."
"Beyond these main principles, we also show that it may be optimal to disseminate know-how on a plant level but not on a firm level, and that recording backup solutions is most valuable at medium levels of environmental change."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2336.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"This interplay between service time and task-type uncertainty implies that the system’s resource allocation policy and staffing levels implicitly determine how the provider prioritizes between learning and actually serving."
"We consider an infinite-horizon in problem with stochastic demands where the data vary periodically."
"However, in a unique symmetric experiment that isolates the effect of market origin, we find evidence for the opposite: Although solutions provided by problem solvers from analogous markets show lower potential for immediate use, they demonstrate substantially higher levels of novelty."
"Then we show that in certain important cases the 3-period problem is a network problem."
"This paper reports an experiment on the generation of macrodynamics from microstructure in a common managerial context."
"Consistent with time pressure reducing work quality, we find that work quality is lower for tasks completed at month-ends, more so for process measures of quality than for outcome measures."
"A very general rule is given for selecting the next subproblem to optimize, and finite convergence to a solution satisfying all linking conditions is demonstrated."
"The most prevalent form of training call center agents is via classroom instruction coupled with role-plays."
"Recently evidence has come forth which suggests that empirical probability distributions of returns on securities conform better to stable Paretian distributions with infinite variances than to the normal distribution."
"Stationary optimal policies which maximize expected discounted reward over an infinite horizon are shown to have a simple critical-number characterization."
"How do you respond?"
"1), New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1958 (ix + 202 pp."
"It does so by examining the direct and indirect effects of procedural justice judgments on the in-role and extra-role behavior of multinationals' subsidiary top management in the context of the global resource allocation decision process."
"We show that quality claims in advertisements can be informative even when the firm can freely misrepresent its advertising message."
"However, persistent quality problems with medical devices and the associated recalls present potential health risks to patients and personnel using these devices."
"First, a mixed-integer programming approach is used to solve sample problems."
"The objective of this paper is to suggest some directions in the 1980s for the development of the theory and practice of planned change."
"This technology creates the need to develop new and appropriate planning and control procedures that take advantage of the system's capabilities for higher production rates."
"We identify individuals listed on patents and scientific papers and find they effectively integrate science with innovation, leading to more successful innovations."
"It should be noted that the forecasts become less precise farther into the future and that requiring an infinite horizon forecast for decision-making would be unrealistic."
"On one hand, the ability to build close buyer-supplier relationships over multiple transactions can give an advantage to broad firms that offer buyers “one-stop shopping.”"
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, finance."
"$6;—Archer, Stephen H. and Charles A. D'Ambrosio (eds.),"
"Several examples are provided to illustrate the nature and relevance of work on (1) two-person constant-sum games; (2) the extensive form of a game; (3) theories of solution for n-person games; (4) theories of solutions for games against nature; and (5) theories of solution for dynamic games."
"Substantial savings can accrue to the company as a result of properly scheduling these transfers, i.e. determining the optimal timing and amount of cash transfers."
"We study how a service provider facing such customers makes the optimal “quality–speed trade-off.”"
"The objective is to maximize the expected utility using an exponential utility function."
"We study how a firm should manage its supply processes in a new product diffusion environment with backorders and lost sales."
"The algorithm is based on a two state dynamic programming recursion in which characterization theorems are used to drastically reduce the size of the state space and in which the storage requirements are minimal."
"We find that informed investors immediately trade on new private information in both the stock and options markets."
"We use a newly developed source of employee microdata—an online resume database—to model IT workers' mobility patterns."
"On the display-ad side, affected newspapers experience a decrease in display-ad rates."
"Alternative procedures are discussed and recommendations are given."
"The proposed utility functionals are illustrated in terms of two applications."
"Large retailers often handle millions of transactions daily, involving thousands of products in hundreds of categories."
"The technique, which relies on the relationship between the direct and indirect distance functions, can be easily generalized to measure the potential gains from removing other input restrictions such as union work rules, environmental regulations, or deed restrictions."
"We find no evidence that style-shifting funds are backward-looking."
"Simple examples are solved using both of these techniques."
"For the dynamic bargaining institution, we show that in sequential bargaining, the supply chain profit is higher, the OEM earns a lower profit, the first supplier earns a higher profit, and the second supplier may earn a higher or lower profit, than compared with simultaneous bargaining."
"Considerations such as (1) the underlying distributions of project data, (2) time preferences, (3) the number of ranking intervals or categories, and (4) the width of the intervals, all have important implications for final project scores and associated rankings."
"Bristol: John Wright & Sons, Ltd., 1967, 422 pp.,"
"To emphasize the vast differences that can occur between individual and market preferences brought about through aggregation, we assume an economy consisting entirely of risk seekers."
"To test the implications of this model, this paper presents an experiment designed to elicit subject preferences on risk, time, intertemporal substitution, and uncertainty resolution."
"Subjects given the DA and DIS reported greater satisfaction with the process than those given the E."
"Examples of such industrial problems are also presented."
"In fast-cycle, high technology industries, the speed and rate at which companies can introduce products into the market are critical for sustaining competitive advantage and market share."
"A nonagency residential mortgage-backed security deal represents an entity that is highly leveraged where, ex ante, equity holders know they will face default."
"This article provides practical insight into how product development projects can be better managed for operational and market success."
"The loss of pooling synergy in this process can be significant, and this paper investigates the impact of several measures to overcome the adverse effects on flow time, work-in-process inventory and machine utilization."
"Using five different measures of the lottery features in the literature, we document that the anomalies associated with these measures are state dependent: the evidence supporting these anomalies is strong and robust among stocks where investors have lost money, whereas among stocks where investors have gained profits, the evidence is either weak or even reversed."
"2, by Operations Research Society of America, Operations Research and Mathematics Group, Arthur D. Little, Inc., John Wiley and Sons, Inc., $8.50—reviewed by A. Descloux and R. I. Wilkinson;—Behavior of Industrial Work Groups: Prediction and Control."
"This is achieved by counting bus services and by checking other quality indicators."
"The insight for management: Trust is important to mobilization and coordination in a network and influences social capital arising from the network structure."
"We prove that the maximum commonality for MCAPs is at most 3/2 times the maximum commonality of MCAPn."
"Insights are also derived for alternative market structures, for example, producers have more output and earn higher profit when organized into a distribution consortium (e.g., Hulu or consortia of zoos or museums) versus relying on a separate retailer."
"However, in hidden profile experiments in which group members have common information favoring an inferior choice, with private information favoring a superior choice, groups typically choose an inferior alternative."
"Lower-quality firms need to provide more information."
"With this division, a reasonable computational procedure is possible."
"The overall results raise various applied and theoretical issues, which are discussed."
"That is, for each instance of the problem, our algorithm produces a solution with cost that is guaranteed to be at most 1.8 times the optimal cost; this is called a 1.8-approximation algorithm."
"Firms are more heterogeneous in their responses, which leads to longer periods of differentiation when the variability of the consumer preferences, the discount rate, or the importance of the repositioning attribute increases."
"model and give a numerical illustration of this model using the European gas market."
"If sabotage is not possible, the principals choose tournament incentives more often."
"This provides a theory of successive team formation and termination in a firm."
"We find that analysts who are local to these attacks issue forecasts that are relatively more pessimistic than the consensus forecast."
"The rate on Fed funds behaves as a random variable over the week as does the size of the surplus or deficit to be offset."
"This paper presents a systematic procedure for obtaining the optimum packaging frequencies for a number of items which are manufactured jointly but packaged individually immediately alter manufacture."
"It is often rightly stressed that research workers should learn how to sell their work to managers, by avoiding technical jargon, and by otherwise acquiring skill in exposition."
"However, the buyer's payments in such auctions can be high."
"Using a Bayesian estimation scheme, inequalities are obtained for the optimal purchase policies as the amount of demand information varies."
"In a recent article J. M. Moore [Moore, J. M. 1968."
"Intertemporal CAPM with Conditioning Variables (p. 122)Paulo MaioWhat factors might explain dispersion in excess returns?"
"Devising a new experimental procedure to measure such conformity in a judgment task, we compare the degree of conformity in groups with varying gender composition."
"Agents shirk, thereby hurting performance."
"Our goal is to more clearly understand the dynamics of platform renewal and derivative product generation and their consequences for long-term success."
"It turns out that a simple rule previously proposed for calculating airport landing charges generates precisely the Shapley value for an appropriately defined game."
"Alternative specifications of the chance constraint are shown to imply increasing, decreasing, or constant relative risk aversion with respect to changes in wealth."
"The results relating to alliance characteristics suggest that while a broad scope alliance enhances the financial gains for the larger firm, a scale R&D alliance (relative to a link alliance) contributes positively to the financial gains for the smaller firm."
"paperback $8.50;—Rashevsky, Nicolas, Looking at History Through Mathematics."
"The problem of minimizing the total expected cost with respect to the transition probabilities over a sufficiently long period of time is shown under certain conditions to reduce to a collection of n independent programs."
"In 96% of those promotion events where “no change” was recommended, this was the correct “action” to take."
"The remainder of Section 3 is concerned with an elaboration of some aspects of rationality that seem to me to be important, and either somewhat novel or not often enough emphasized in print."
"To provide an economic interpretation, we show that innovations in global equity volatility can price portfolios formed on carry, while innovations in a commodity-based measure of speculative activity can price portfolios formed on momentum."
"Crane work in the Japanese steel industry was selected as the subject of the study and the procedures by which the formalization can be applied to a practical problem were developed."
"In most, if not all, of the standard examples of management science and Operations Research projects, it appears that somewhere along the line some part of the research effort has been devoted to a conceptualization or formalization of the system or process being studied."
"We introduce the monopoly environment in two-period and multiperiod scenarios to identify thresholds in remanufacturing operations."
"Finally, under what conditions would competing firms voluntarily decide to pursue constructive DTCA?"
"Analysis revealed both direct and indirect effects as hypothesized; however, the indirect effects were more consistent in both time periods."
"Building on incomplete contract theory, I investigate whether the likelihood of renegotiating financial covenants is affected by the debt-contracting value of borrowers’ accounting numbers."
"Large graphs for which the calculation of the shortest distances between all vertices is required often consist of several parts with limited interconnections."
"Schedules are generated by this model and are compared with the corresponding schedules of the planner."
"The main purpose of this study is to construct a suitable research and development (R&D) model which would facilitate the analysis of activity sequencing and resource allocation in R&D projects."
"We present a model in which weak governance—which prevents shareholders from controlling the board—protects inferior CEOs from dismissal, while at the same time insulates the board from pressures by biased or uninformed shareholders."
"In this paper, we develop an expected cost model for a process whose mean is controlled by an X̄ chart and whose variance is controlled by an R chart."
"failure"
"We use a simple game in which human subjects (the forecast users) decide whether to take a risk of a loss or pay a cost to avoid the risk."
"We show that while the patient server mechanism is generally better than the roving server mechanism in the work-in-process (WIP) reduction sense, there do exist cases where roving is better."
"The endogenous determination of team size accentuates the positive effects of a decline in risk and an increase in profitability on incentives."
"are addressed."
"Thirty-one of 35 subjects produced usable data."
"With apologies to Dr. Wallace, it has been slightly abridged to make it fit in the alloted space."
"A new algorithm for solving the traffic assignment problem is presented."
"The latter aspect enables a complete characterization of possible equilibria."
"Our analysis yields three main insights."
"For ambiguity sets under which the bidders’ values are dependent and characterized through moment bounds, on the other hand, we provide a new class of randomized mechanisms, the highest-bidder lotteries, whose revenues cannot be matched by any second-price auction with a constant number of additional bidders."
"This enables mutual funds to obtain stochastic market power and charge higher fees than they could otherwise."
"It can help us to state hypotheses concerning the key variables underlying leadership effectiveness."
"Several strategies are explored including price caps, mergers and investments in new technologies."
"if submission volumes were unusually high."
"As a most important feature, ES rewards portfolio diversification and penalizes risk concentration in a special and intuitive way, not shared by any other risk measure."
"For the range of conditions investigated, the rate of return was found to range between 4 and 20%, with a mean of 14.3% and a standard deviation of 3.3%."
"Participation in these Meetings is not restricted to members of TIMS."
"But what creates arbitrage opportunities?"
"First-Party Content and Coordination in Two-Sided Markets (p. 933)Andrei Hagiu, Daniel SpulberBill Gates said, “Content is king.”"
"This paper examines the relative effectiveness of outcome- and action-based contracts in providing the alliance partners with the incentives to invest appropriately."
"For this model, we characterize the optimal pricing policies as functions of time and inventory."
"As is the case with alliances in general, asymmetric alliances also typically result in changes in the shareholder values of the partner firms."
"This paper examines the relative advantages of single-product and multiproduct firms following changes in customer switching costs."
"Finally, we discuss how the one-switch property, when appropriate, can simplify the assessment of multiattribute utility."
"The reader will find in the course of their discussions that a survey—though perhaps not a systematic survey—has been made of current techniques in the linear programming field."
"However, little attention has been paid to the problem of identifying what constitutes an appropriate  modularization of a complex system."
"While one of these structures, the family of expectancy-value models, is reflected in current research on user satisfaction, the second, the family of cognitive approaches, is not."
"Using a game-theoretic model, we show that it is optimal to seed people with the highest Bonacich centrality."
"The availability of resources is becoming scarcer, and is more closely scrutinized."
"We will call this type the “freely evolved” program and this is the kind we will talk about."
"273—reviewed by Burton V. Dean;—Kaufmann, A. “Methodes et Modeles de la Recherche Operationnelle, Vol."
"March brings March Madness, the annual conclusion to the U.S. men's college basketball season with two single elimination basketball tournaments showcasing the best college teams in the country."
"In a fight, the opponent is just a noxious stimulus."
"Logist."
"To solve the JERO models with exponential cones, we develop a second-order conic approximation that limits errors beyond an operating range; with this approach, we can use state-of-the-art second-order conic programming solvers to solve even large-scale convex optimization problems."
"When and why do people and institutions apologize?"
"We examine a supply chain with a single supplier and multiple retailers to predict retailers’ actual ordering behaviors."
"In our model, founders with greater socially constructed confidence tend to deprive their ventures of resources and resourcefulness and, therefore, increase the likelihood that their ventures will fail."
"Several models for joint optimization of functional decision making have been presented during the last few years."
"In a team decision problem there are two or more decision variables, and these different decisions can be made to depend upon different aspects of the environment, or information variables, the resulting payoff being a random variable."
"The results are different in the case of developing countries, where I observe that most financial consumer protection policies increase the cost of intermediation, suggesting that banks pass on regulatory burdens to their customers."
"Surprisingly, there is little support for conditional cooperation in our sample."
"Furthermore, unlike the case for nondurables, for durable goods we find that the effect of uncertainty persists even after the uncertainty has been resolved."
"Moreover, such defective implementation behavior (i.e., not adhere to the plan) seems to entail less efficient task-accomplishment."
"We show that the joint presence of these two sources of uncertainty distorts the firm’s investment choices in opposing ways, leading to overinvestment by large firms (to signal productivity) and underinvestment by small firms (to signal that the reporting system is not weak)."
"The results showed that the written DA, the videotape DI, and the videotape E treatment caused subjects to generate fewer functional area alternatives than the C subjects."
"There is no more space to spare."
"For each class there are smooth curves that related the investment in the risk free asset to the parameters of the utility function."
"The story of experimental mistakes, modifications in method, and successive insights is presented to convey the essence of an ambitious investigation at the frontier of knowledge where the terrain is not well-mapped and the research tools are being developed as needed."
"This paper was accepted by Brian Bushee, accounting."
"The results of our model are consistent with, and yield new explanations for, empirical regularities such as (a) the prevalence of equity-type contracts in high-growth ventures and of debt-type contracts in lifestyle ventures; (b) geographical and temporal differences in equity-type instruments used in high-growth ventures; and (c) the impact of firm and loan characteristics on the choice between secured and unsecured debt."
"A systematic computation procedure is given for determining redistribution of stock among several user activities when set-up charges are involved."
"Empirical results are presented using household-level data for two different products."
"Each term in the estimate is subject to error, and both numerator and denominator of the ratio are considered to be normally distributed."
"In recent years, quantitative approaches for such tasks have been gaining in popularity."
"The model was tested in a longitudinal field study among 757 customers who provided usability assessments for multiple websites from four different industries—i.e., airlines, online bookstores, automobile manufacturers, and car rental agencies."
"Production quantities for sectors supplying the same successor are coordinated through pricing mechanisms, so that complementary products are produced in the right proportions."
"In many cases they may never reach the one-man decision level but are finally acted upon by groups."
"Our main result is an easy-to-check condition under which a provider can simultaneously achieve a profit increase and create a Pareto improvement for the users by offering a spot market (using idle resources) alongside a fixed-price market."
"We formulate the promotion optimization problem for multiple items as a nonlinear integer program."
"Exchanges sell both trading services and price information."
"Absent further frictions, the optimal security is indeterminate."
"Optimal maintenance policies and sale date of a machine."
"Using a novel experimental paradigm, we explore how the experience of generating an idea and the possibility that another investor might adopt a rejected investment opportunity, bias the investment decisions of innovator and imitator entrepreneurs."
"Below, we list those reviewers who contributed four or more reviews in 2018.The complete list of our 2018 reviewers is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2019.3283."
"A control structure for a divisionalized firm is defined to be a set of rules for evaluating division managers and a decision-rule for central coordinating decisions."
"The production of a family is assumed to be nonpreemptive."
"Management Sci.21 (3, November) 271–276.]"
"After a historical review of some milestonee in organization research, a definition of decentralization which is based on the overall objectives of the firm is provided."
"Moreover, the effect of density is greatest for offline and online WOM acquisitions; this suggests that density contributes to contagion, connectivity, and a hypothesized “social multiplier.”"
"Based on the proposition that leasing is environmentally superior to selling, some firms have adopted a leasing strategy and others promote their existing leasing programs as environmentally superior to “green” their image."
"In management science, as in all of science, a fundamental issue is the generalizability of what we know."
"The results also show that the process of sanitization has considerable bearing on the quality of solutions obtained."
"Embedding the constructs of participation and involvement into the theoretical framework of Fishbein and Ajzen, a model is developed and tested in a field study of information system projects."
"We conclude that the social capital of company founders represents an important endowment for early-stage organizations."
"By virtue of its rich formulation, the AER model produces a wide set of insights and testable predictions, including the U shape of instant utility during anticipation and the optimal duration of anticipation for a given event."
"Reluctance to hedge occurred when the diagnostic cost of the negative self-signal that hedging would produce outweighed the pecuniary rewards associated with hedging."
"This paper examines the performance of three heuristic methods (Senju-Toyoda, Kochen-berger et al."
"This negative effect can, thus, be mitigated by stimulating people to employ a nonholistic, piecemeal thinking style."
"We consider the benefit of postponing certain operational decisions, e.g., the pricing or allocation-rule decisions, until after uncertainties are resolved."
"The conditions under which this heuristic fails to find optimal solutions are discussed and computational comparisons to standard linear programming are given."
"The advantages of these approaches over existing mathematical programming methods include their ability to handle nonlinear cost functions and constraints, as well as their highly efficient parametrization capabilities."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"Policy making under conditions of discontinuous change is discussed in terms of situational normativism, a descriptive-normative approach to policy making systems."
"n samples are drawn from a known distribution, ordered and placed in groups inside file drawers with a previously decided number of samples going in each drawer; the initial (ordered) sample in a drawer defines the “beginning” of a drawer, and the initial (ordered) sample of the next drawer defines the “end” of the drawer under consideration."
"Duality and stability in extremum problems involving convex functions."
"A supply chain may become worse off when making its information more accurate or production diseconomy smaller, if such an improvement induces the firms in the rival supply chain to cease sharing information."
"The challenge for the retailer is what (if anything) to say and how to say it."
"The key insight is that allowing ad blockers serves to differentiate platform users based on their disutility to viewing ads."
"Furthermore, it is difficult for researchers to emulate such uncertainty well, given that the researchers themselves know the actual probabilities, creating an asymmetry of information and obscuring experimental results."
"The result with regard to the unfavorable information captured by the group with insider selling and negative unexpected earnings is similar but less pronounced."
"The methods considered include seasonal autoregressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) modeling; periodic autoregressive modeling; an extension of Holt-Winters exponential smoothing for the case of two seasonal cycles; robust exponential smoothing based on exponentially weighted least absolute deviations regression; and dynamic harmonic regression, which is a form of unobserved component state-space modeling."
"Covenants reduce expected distress costs by lowering the probability of liquidity shortages, increasing liquidation values, and incentivizing creditor monitoring."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 1969, 1092 pp.,"
"We refer to this environmental effect as the Anna Karenina effect, which occurs when less-favorable outcomes convey less information."
"This study focuses on allocation problems that have some of their constraints defined in terms of Leontief input-output matrices, known as Z-matrices."
"The integrated mean squared error of slopes design criterion that is implemented here addresses both premises."
"Further, these results suggest that applying scarce resources to mitigate the adverse impact of time pressure may have more impact on performance than using those resources to support a more complex organizational design."
"We develop a Bayesian framework that a decision maker can use to encode subjective knowledge about the information sources in order to aggregate point estimates of an unknown quantity of interest."
"The objective is to partially close a gap in the state of knowledge regarding the properties (asymptotic behavior) of certain cashflow models, scheduling models, and inventory models, all of which can be embedded in the context of replacement-reliability theory in general."
"Our results indicate that higher demand substitution may or may not promote the adoption of flexibility under competition, whereas it always facilitates the adoption of flexibility without competition."
"6 (1979), pp."
"In the spirit of Simon (Simon, H. A. 1959."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"We prove that this is always the case for a two-armed bandit under a general class of context distributions that satisfy a condition we term covariate diversity."
"In a series of laboratory experiments that control for other aspects of volunteering, such as its signaling value, subjects demonstrate behavior consistent with the theoretical assumption that gifts of time produce greater utility than the same transfers in the form of money."
"This paper characterizes optimal service policies in terms of the frequency and timing of services which are intended to maintain a stock of assets."
"The RAND Corporation, Paper P-1114, March 27, 1958."
"A short excursion is taken into the fields of aptitude testing and the psychological evaluation of industrial engineering techniques."
"We also find some evidence that onshore funds outperform offshore funds, depending on the sample period."
"Overly cautious attitudes to risk result from a failure to appreciate the effects of statistical aggregation in mitigating relative risk."
"In this paper it is demonstrated that under conditions of incomplete information it is very likely that players will tend toward contracts at the P.O. only when it can be assumed that they meet the very restrictive condition of behaving like perfect competitors."
"For practical applications this is by far the most interesting case."
"A duality theorem for nonlinear programming."
"The econometric analyses in the study are based on data from manufacturers in the medical device industry over a four-year period (2002–2005)."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"A set of microeconomic assumptions are presented that lead to a model of the technology choices made by producers of a homogenous energy product."
"We extend these to the case in which some decision variables, such as price, may affect uncertainty and their causal effects are unknown."
"are possible for the type of problem studied."
"We reveal an operational benefit of influencer marketing that a very small fraction of such influencers is sufficient to diminish sales’ unpredictability."
"The conclusion from this analysis supports King's [King, W. R., T. A. Wilson."
"However, until now, this technique has been largely heuristic."
"The paper models the strategic issues for a cost containment contest between two suppliers."
"Which factors shape the commercialization of academic scientific discoveries via startup formation?"
"Across the United States, numerous states have enacted laws that provide various forms of incentives for HIEs and address growing privacy concerns associated with the sharing of patient data."
"In particular, because of informational limitations, when designing cost systems firms use simple rules of thumb to group resources into cost pools and to select drivers used to allocate the pooled costs to products."
"Management Sci.26 (4) 433–434.)."
"The PGMs that offer the best performance in QMC methods are those that make the discontinuities QMC friendly."
"The subjects were 248 professors with research grants."
"By announcing (and setting) a high price, a firm increases its rivals’ short-run profits, reducing the rival firms’ incentives to innovate by magnifying their Arrow’s replacement effect."
"We attribute this difference to the relative frequency of household stockouts and purchase frequency in the milk category."
"Furthermore, when managerial skills are largely firm specific (general), the optimal pay-performance sensitivity decreases (increases) as managerial skills become a more important determinant of firm performance."
"The production planning model of Modigliani and Hohn and the smoothing model of Hoffman and Jacobs are combined."
"Reciprocity in feedback giving distorts the production and content of reputation information in a market, hampering trust and trade efficiency."
"This consumer characteristic largely drives the dynamics of search that can easily be mistaken as increases from experience at the individual level."
"1989."
"The results of a field study were reported, and implications were suggested for a behavioral theory of the firm."
"Norms and Contracting (p. 62)Judd B. Kessler, Stephen LeiderCan I get that in writing… or do I need to?"
"failure"
"The behavioral model fits the data better, because moviegoer parameters are relatively close to those observed in experimental subjects."
"The purpose of this paper is to illustrate an application of linear programming to the problem of allocation of aircraft to routes in order to maximize expected profits when there is uncertain customer demand."
"The purpose of the paper is to demonstrate that analogue methods, while being impracticable as a physical method of solving optimisation problems, may give some insight into computational algorithms via dual energy concepts and/or dynamic behaviour."
"The method is a true generalization of Dantzig's linear simplex method both in spirit and in the fact that the same tableau and variable selection techniques are used."
"Using this framework we derive variance reduction results which explain the orders of magnitude of variance reduction obtained in practice."
"The static and dynamic problems are, at the present stage of management science development, generally speaking, studied by means of the same techniques."
"Operations which had subsisted side by side in spite of differences in costs and quality of output, and which were under the control of different owners now found themselves in competition with one another and having to rationalize their efforts."
"Throughout the experiment we record agents’ heart rate variability, which is an indicator of stress-related impaired cardiac autonomic control and which has been shown to predict coronary heart disease in the long run."
"We begin here with an overall assessment of the journal's performance relative to its original mission."
"Management Sci.31 (March) 369–373.)"
"It is shown, however, that in extreme cases significant differences may be obtained."
"The incentives consist of enlistment bonuses and educational benefits offered to quality recruits who select critical occupational specialties."
"We fill this gap by studying how three team mechanisms (collaborative behavior, accurate information exchange, and decision-making decentralization) moderate the impact of TMT diversity on financial performance of 33 information technology firms."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"The performance of these simulation designs is evaluated and, subsequently, compared to a similar set of experimental plans that have as their focus the estimation of the response function."
"Combinatorial auctions where bidders can bid on bundles of items can lead to more economically efficient allocations, but determining the winners is 𝒩𝒫-complete and inapproximable."
"Ann Arbor, Michigan: The Foundation for Research on Human Behavior, 1961, 179 pp.,"
"failure"
"If the arbitrator or panel was permitted to select only one or the other of the parties' final offers, with no power to make a choice anywhere in between, it was expected that the logic of the procedure would force negotiating parties to continue moving closer together in search of a position that would be most likely to receive neutral sympathy."
"New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1960."
"In this paper we present an alternative hybrid approach which applies quantile regression to the empirical fit errors to produce forecast error quantile models."
"We experimentally investigate a repeated “inspection game” where, in the stage game, an employee can either work or shirk and an employer simultaneously chooses to inspect or not inspect."
"These comparisons all indicate that CRIS has higher predictive validity."
"For example, we find that when a manufacturer improves its product, such improvements not only benefit the retailer but might even benefit competing manufacturers."
"In addition to these policy conclusions, the modeling and solution approaches presented here provide a framework for further research efforts to incorporate market position into project selection and budget allocation models."
"A number of special cases of the general model are studied and it is shown that most dynamic models which have appeared in the literature are special cases of the general model."
"With the likelihood of an oversupply of physicians during this decade, the model offers a useful tool for health planners, administrators, legislators, and regulators, for objective decision making."
"In contrast to the situation that arose when using naive simulation, we prove that in the limit, all derivatives can be estimated as accurately as the performance measure when balanced failure biasing is employed."
"The service industry has become increasingly competitive."
"Finally, it solves for threat-resistant strategies (takeover offers that will not be outbid) for both major players, and concludes with a threat-resistant Nash equilibrium solution to the model."
"They find that the agent should continue to perform the diagnosis as long as his current belief that the customer is of a given type falls into an interval that depends on the congestion level as well as the number of performed tests thus far."
"Finally, the question of how behavior influences attitude is considered."
"In the dynamic negotiation process, the seller can screen, whereas the buyer can signal information through their offers, and the buyer has an endogenous and type-dependent reservation profit."
"The problem of unifying portfolio planning and transaction demands for cash in a single model is considered."
"This paper analyzes the costs and benefits of screening women of childbearing age for HIV."
"A recent article in this Journal provides an efficient computational scheme for obtaining a regression line that minimizes the sum of absolute deviations of a set of two-dimensional points."
"often requires an excessive number of iterations for problems of size 40 × 40 or larger."
"However, this standard wisdom overlooks the possibility that the reward to generating new knowledge may itself be eroded if change is an ongoing property of the environment."
"Although the methods of linear programming have been used extensively in the oil industry, very little work has been reported to date in extending these methods to the area of underground oil production."
"We show that this experience had greater value if the firm entered the new market."
"Few of the programs had adequate planning and evaluation, perhaps contributing to their difficulties."
"The findings presented here also indicate a major difference between industrial enterprises and research projects in the sequence with which managers respond to environmental changes."
"This paper was accepted by Anandhi Bharadwaj, information systems."
"This indicates that larger problems may be easier despite the greater computational effort they require."
"Thus, “limited access” multiple berth platforms are utilized."
"We develop a confidence-based version of the Surprisingly Popular algorithm proposed by Prelec, Seung, and McCoy."
"The monthly expense of leasing telephone lines between two facilities depends upon the number of lines leased and the air miles between facilities; it is independent of usage."
"Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2673.This paper was accepted by Gérard Cachon, behavioral economics."
"We consider the pricing problem faced by a revenue-maximizing platform matching price-sensitive customers to flexible supply units within a geographic area."
"Alternatively, if both quantities are high, then the optimal portfolio contains only the familiar asset(s), as Keynes would have advocated."
"Many real-world situations involve queueing systems in which customers wait for service for a limited time only and leave the system if service has not begun within that time."
"This paper is intended both for readers interested in routing (and analogous resource allocation) problems and for those interested in studying an example of an application of linear programming under uncertainty."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"1954."
"Our results are derived from the simulation of a single hypothetical warehouse model."
"Central to this analysis is the idea that successful process quality improvement depends heavily on how the organization influences the cognitive processes of its members."
"Most of the procedures that have been developed to find solutions to the single-machine, multi-product lot scheduling problem depend on judgment to define the desirable frequencies of production for the products."
"Previous research suggests that there exists a trade-off between efficiency and incentives, i.e., in the choice between two allocation policies a buyer may prefer the less efficient one because it provides stronger incentives."
"failure"
"The results highlight how news consumption changes when an increasing amount of traffic is referred by social media, provide insights applicable to news outlets’ strategies, and speak to ongoing debates regarding biases arising from social media’s growing importance as an avenue for news consumption."
"This paper was accepted by Ilia Tsetlin, decision analysis."
"By analyzing the model, we identify a condition that differentiates Strong and Weak Replicability regimes, wherein production and sales, respectively, take priority over the other and fully characterize their distinct optimal policies."
"This paper examines how the optimal investment in the capacity of flexible and nonflexible resources is affected by financial leverage and, conversely, how a firm's resource flexibility affects its optimal capital structure."
"The approach of this study is to measure the manufacturing content—the attributes of the design that drive cost—through analysis of the physical products themselves, and to estimate how variation in manufacturing content relates to variation in cost in a hypothetical manufacturing setting."
"The insight for management: Statistical discrimination may not be primarily responsible for racial disparities in patient care."
"The heuristic has the property that rather than selecting favorable events to support a theory, it codes and incorporates observed events systematically into a testing of theory."
"A serious try at gathering computational experience has been made—but facts are difficult to uncover."
"We conservatively estimate that 10,000 out of 60,000 annual reimbursed claims for POA infections (18.5%) were upcoded HAIs, costing Medicare $200 million."
"Additionally, it shows that individual organizations can migrate, over time, from evolution to revolution and vice versa."
"We develop a tight numerical approximation for the test statistic based on a two-stage optimization procedure and piecewise linearization techniques."
"By specific numerical results it is shown that for all values of the parameters that might reasonably be encountered in an inventory problem there is only a negligible if any difference in the order quantities."
"With non-AVM dispatching and normal patrol beats, the difference between the average travel time of the second-arriving one-officer unit and the first-arriving two-officer unit is sensitive to the unavailability rate."
"Attention is also paid to the changing structure of the petroleum industry worldwide, which is shifting emphasis from traditional problems such as internal planning models to studies of new recovery processes, often labor-intensive and to be applied in small fields."
"This paper analyzes the performance implications of interorganizational relationships in the development of technological innovations, focusing on the characteristics of the tasks partitioned between a manufacturer and its suppliers in the development of new products."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2333.This paper was accepted by Manel Baucells, decision analysis."
"This paper was accepted by Stefan Scholtes, healthcare management."
"Discussion on two early papers of Professor Kantorovich, from 1939 and 1949, that proved to be remarkable documents in the history of management science, of linear programming, and of economic theory in general."
"This paper examines such learning in the context of a model of a team involving two learning members, each of whom modifies beliefs about the other on the basis of experience, and an adaptive coordinator who adjusts a coordination control variable."
"Second, as the potential substitutability between products increases due to social influence, the firm may leverage the increased substitutability and enjoy lower cost in production by reducing product assortment before demand realization."
"First-strike stability in a multipolar world measures the incentives of all major nuclear weapon countries, in all possible coalitions, to refrain from preemptive attack."
"They relate Internet banking adoption to customer demand for banking services, the availability of alternative channels, customers' efficiency in service coproduction, and local Internet banking penetration."
"This assessment is completed for a set of functionally similar products in a single product category: automatic drip coffee makers."
"The results are conditioned upon the state of the system at the time of arrival of the customer."
"At each step, customers derive an uncertain value, which depends on a functional benefit and a subjective experience."
"On the basis of judgments of sixty hypothetical projects, alternative individual and group models were estimated using regression and discriminant analysis procedures."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"A fuzzy decision, then, may be viewed as an intersection of the given goals and constraints."
"Immigrant entrepreneurs often rely on their group’s local social capital in their new home market to establish and maintain their businesses."
"During the past few years, many interesting papers have been written on the subject of product-market diversification."
"The study finds that signals of product certification and prominent customers, and product certification and social proof are complements."
"We show that ambiguity averse investors bear more risk, due to a lack of diversification."
"117(3):775–816]."
"failure"
"The analysis of this case showed that an argument can be made to delay the demonstration program for several years and that significant risks (in terms of lowered ultimate market penetration) exist when starting this PV demonstration program prematurely."
"We show that target-price contracts lead to higher investment levels and profits if the rates are properly specified."
"The analysis integrates the interactions of offensive weapon arsenals, vulnerable offensive weapons within these arsenals, defensive weapons, and value targets reflecting the national assets at stake."
"This paper is divided into three parts."
"Traditional inventory models, with a few exceptions, do not account for the existence of inventory record inaccuracy (IRI), and those that do treat IRI as random."
"One of the goals of procurement is to establish a competitive price while affording the buyer some flexibility in selecting the suppliers to deal with."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Co., 1968, 524 pp.,"
"The effect is driven by buyers’ use of a finer-grained pricing scale when countering precise asking prices."
"We find that a large fraction of participants are reluctant to tell even a Pareto white lie, demonstrating a pure lie aversion independent of any social preferences for outcomes."
"From the latter source, we also establish that the Business/Professional customers are more sensitive to prices of phonecalls than the Personal segment."
"The optimality criterion used is minimization of the expected present value of costs in the n periods."
"Two new implications are generated: a volatility level effect and a volatility variance effect."
"There is often considerable anxiety and conflicting advice concerning the benefits of presenting/being evaluated first."
"We begin the paper by reviewing nine models of organizational life cycles that have been proposed in the literature."
"In the Robinson Crusoe case, WTP increases from $500,000 at age 20 to a peak of $1,250,000 at age 40, and declines to $630,000 at age 60."
"We find that the launch of the supplier's direct channel can result in costly signaling behavior on the part of the reseller, in which he reduces his order quantity when the market size is small."
"This combination means that a more complete array of information can be used to develop tactical planning forecasts."
"Thus, a potentially important role of programming models is to generate a small number of alternative solutions that are feasible, perform well with respect to modeled issues, and are significantly different with respect to the decisions they specify."
"Part II contains a discussion of some of the problems involved in formulating probability beliefs for available investment opportunities."
"This paper presents a method to “tear” or “decompose” a project network into several subnetworks, schedule the subnetworks and then to put the subnetworks back together."
"By choosing a subset of components to transfer, the global firm's decision has an impact not only on the imitators' fixed entry costs, but also on postentry competition based on variable costs."
"The purpose of this study is to obtain sales forecasts for a new album before it is introduced."
"These findings advance theory and contribute to the foundation for future research aimed at improving our understanding of user adoption behavior."
"We theorize that a firm’s IT in general—and enterprise systems (ES) in particular—can mitigate IU, thus reducing the IU-induced underreaction anomaly."
"Readers of Chaiken's paper who are not familiar with this history are likely to wonder how his paper, which barely mentions New York City, inspired the Wallaces' comments in this Communication."
"Consumers might choose to purchase not only between products, but also between points in time."
"It can utilize the managers' input and maximize profit (instead of ratings) by considering not only the revenue potential but also the costs of the shows."
"One important problem is how to provide division managers with incentives both to act in congruence with the goals of the overall firm and to transmit accurate information to the corporate center so that the center's decisions may be enhanced."
"Public lotteries form an important source of revenue for many national and state governments, but little quantitative effort has been applied to their efficient operation."
"The first rule recommends arranging the two worst stations (according to our ordering) to the first and last stages."
"Does fast fashion result in fast discounting?"
"Biased Judgment in Censored Environments (p. 573)Daniel C. Feiler, Jordan D. Tong, Richard P. LarrickIf a business sells out of inventory, can it know potential demand?"
"Customer intensity leads to outcomes very different from those of traditional models of service rate competition."
"This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"We consider a general model in which the resource consumption distribution associated with each customer type–action combination is not known but is consistent and can be learned over time."
"The dialectical formulation is chosen because it is the only existent methodological form which both utilizes conflict over value issues in a productive fashion and ensures a minimal sense of completeness in the decision-space of possible problem choice [Mitroff, I. I. On the general problem of building a generalized model of general models (in preparation).]."
"“Auction” or “call” trading systems are used in many stock exchanges."
"Management Sci.21 (3) 302–312.)."
"This paper was accepted by Chung Piaw Teo, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"The paper considers management issues, such as distribution system configuration, drilling policy, area developed for irrigation, and crop production."
"The present paper examines the nature of subjective estimates in an actual development project."
"Dominant platform businesses often develop products in adjacent markets to complement their core business."
"Although the ISA algorithm so far has only been extensively tested for Mt/M/st + M models, it can be applied much more generally—to Mt/G/st + G models and beyond."
"Vertical price floors or inventory buybacks (subsidies for unsold inventory) can coordinate incentives in both pricing and inventory decisions."
"An anchoring and adjustment heuristic for stock management is proposed as a model of the subjects' decision processes."
"These difficulties are circumvented by the use of a special method, called asymptotic analysis, that allows for inductive arguments on finite horizon models."
"failure"
"An approximate cost model is developed which can easily be optimized with respect to the order-up-to parameters."
"In such an environment, making an item to order reduces inventory costs for that item, but might increase the lot size and inventory costs for the items made to stock."
"Furthermore, we show that the optimal pricing strategy may include pricing of common products or products with known costs at a loss, which provides a novel explanation of loss-leader pricing."
"The reference dependence that drives consumer choice is not only based on the price but also on observed sales (as a fraction of the seating capacity) during their past visits."
"Analytic procedures such as dynamic programming and distribution analysis, which might lead to optimal dynamic decision rules, are shown to be computationally intractable even for very small problems."
"In the case when preferences and indifferences are certain the usual results follow."
"The maintenance problem is also solved as a discrete, impulse control problem, as well as one where maintenance effort has a nonlinear impact on system performance."
"Using tissue plasminogen activator as a specific example, the paper shows how the hybrid modeling approach not only improves production planning, but also provides accurate information on the operating performance of bioprocesses that can be used to predict the financial impact of process changes."
"We present heuristics to help solve scheduling problems of even greater complexity."
"Taken together, our results suggest that hospital administrators can mitigate the trade-off between reducing readmissions and controlling costs by prioritizing communication-focused EQ over response-focused EQ.This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"It is likely that changes in both strategy and the business environment lead product firms to place more emphasis on services."
"We develop comparative results for ratio-based efficiency analysis (REA) based on the decision-making units' (DMUs') relative efficiencies over sets of feasible weights that characterize preferences for input and output variables."
"To use market participants’ real preferences (i.e., rather than artificial “induced preferences” as is typical in market design experiments), we develop a new experimental method."
"Finally, we design a recommendation policy using the proposed model to maximize the total funding each week considering the needs of all projects and the heterogeneous budgets and preferences of donors."
"In groups smaller than approximately 16 members, however, the effects of group composition depend on the social decision function employed: diversity is key only in continuous estimation tasks (averaging) and much less important in discrete choice tasks (voting), in which agents’ individual abilities remain crucial."
"We investigate the implications of such a lack of observability on the use of strategic inventory in a supply chain consisting of a single retailer and a single manufacturer."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc., 1961, $6.95, 177 pp—reviewed by Martin Shubik."
"We investigate this through a large field experiment on a major ridesharing platform in Washington, DC."
"For example, choices range from hardware and software replacements to modification of manufacturing procedures."
"Robert H. Gregory and Richard L. Van Horn."
"Second, using various ‘ex ante’ international investment strategies designed to control parameter uncertainty, U.S. investors can realize substantial gains from international diversification in out-of-sample periods."
"We develop the implications of these findings for theory and practice."
"Econom."
"This paper was accepted by Lorin Hitt, information systems."
"In addition, some were assigned to a control (C) group and received no planning assistance."
"This suggests that Toyota's well-documented advantage in manufacturing efficiency, product design, and upstream supply chain management extends to their finished-goods inventory in their downstream supply chain from their assembly plants to their dealerships."
"We analyze a two-stage game, in which firms choose between a flexible and a less flexible technology in the first stage, then choose production quantities in the second stage."
"Our results show that even moderate dependence has significant impacts on system performance, so considering the patience and service times to be independent when they are in fact dependent is futile."
"Philip M. Morse, (Publications in Operations Research No."
"The design, of optimal committee decisions."
"1970."
"We characterize how and why strategic versus behavioral motives affect decisions in distinctive manners."
"Analyzing six years of data from 3,474 U.S. acute care hospitals, we find that combining conformance and experiential quality results in lower readmission rates."
"However, in this paper we show that information frictions can invalidate this principle."
"Englewood Cliffs, N. J.: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1968, 540 pp.,"
"A case example illustrates how the procedure is applied."
"DM 5,80 ($1.40)—reviewed by Kurt Meisels;—Creativity and Its Cultivation, Harold H. Anderson, Editor, New York: Harper & Brothers, 1959, ($5.00)—reviewed by Harold J. Leavitt;—Theorie des Graphes et ses Applications (Theory and Applications Of Graphs) by C. Berge, Dunod Editeurs."
"Finally, the paper analyzes the potentials for extending such models to include other theoretical considerations that have been proposed in the literature."
"Our method learns empirical meta-priors from the data itself and uses them to decouple the learning rates of first-order and second-order features (or any other given feature grouping) in a generalized linear model."
"In addition, the reformulation accommodates noninteger values for lead times as well as unequal-length planning periods."
"We discuss and test three explanations for these results."
"Such systems typically produce a random quantity of vertically differentiated products."
"We demonstrate that all optimal solutions for a problem (P) whose feasible region is nonempty and bounded are feasible 1-ceiling points."
"Through diversification of investments, a firm is able to obtain the most desirable combination of expected net-present value and risk."
"Comments based on material originally prepared for the Seminar on Theory and Research in Modern Management."
"Partners engage in learning races in some cases, but exhibit “altruistic” behaviors in other cases."
"SIAM J. Control4 211–222.]"
"Emerging simulation-based technologies offer enhancements to behavior modeling that are absent in role-play training."
"Whereas the positive wage effects are found across the age, education, and wage distributions, they are stronger for female workers and in occupations where NCAs are more common."
"We present a theoretical model that states that accuracy gains from consulting a crowd’s judgments of taste depend on the interplay among taste discrimination, crowd diversity, and the similarity between the crowd’s preferences and those of the decision maker."
"Although online advertising is the lifeline of many internet content platforms, the usage of ad blockers has surged in recent years, presenting a challenge to platforms dependent on ad revenue."
"When the ratio is only nonincreasing, it is proven1 here that the strategy is a monotonic nonincreasing function of the number of units."
"The set of all nondominated solutions in linear cases and a multicriteria simplex method."
"Details of the solution approach are given for quadratic revenue functions, and an example illustrates the procedure."
"In this paper, we revisit optimal disclosure of proprietary information when firms compete in multiple markets."
"The problem is to determine a minimum acceptable score on the selection test and the number of persons to be recruited which will yield a minimum cost, including loss, as well as satisfy the prescribed quota at a given probability level."
"This paper develops a model to study the stay/leave decisions of Air Force officers."
"A discrete control version of a related quadratic production-inventory model was studied by Kleindorfer, Kriebel, Thompson, and Kleindorfer in (Kleindorfer, P. R., C. H. Kriebel, G. L. Thompson, G. B. Kleindorfer."
"Management Sci.16 (5) 397]."
"We examine how this change in industry structure affects investment in innovation and capacity, and thus profitability."
"Our model combines an optimal stopping framework with an individual-level random utility choice model and analyzes click behavior in conjunction with purchase choices."
"Guided by microeconomic theory and insights from the industrial organization literature, we develop testable implications about the effect of industry structure and firm-specific characteristics on the pass-through elasticity: The rate at which changes in a firm's cost relative to competitors translates into changes in the firm's price relative to competitors."
"The second purpose is to formulate a probabilistic model underlying the prediction procedure and to select weights which minimize the mean-square prediction error."
"The disutility caused by the best decision is zero: that caused by any other decision is nonnegative and usually positive: the only further condition which disutilities must satisfy in order to qualify as probabilities is that they add up to 1, for which a linear transformation of the utility function can be used."
"In addition, generalizations as to the effect of certain parameters on the reductions allowable for general situations are given."
"Furthermore, social referrals invoke weaker informational sharing motivations relative to nonsocial referrals, thus leading to a lower news sharing propensity relative to nonsocial referrals."
"Much of the literature on team learning views experience as a unidimensional concept captured by the cumulative production volume of, or the number of projects completed by, a team."
"Management Sci.18(1, September) 112–113."
"A recurring problem confronting marketing operatives at all levels is assessing the impact of market disturbances."
"We present a new model-free RL algorithm called SMART (Semi-Markov Average Reward Technique)."
"Moreover, prior research has found that the knowledge of the systems development process is a key antecedent of control, yet clients are unlikely to be as knowledgeable as IS professionals about this process."
"The authors find patterns of agreement among advisers, among leaders, and between the two groups that are consistent with company guidelines."
"I (November).),"
"Supported by a series of additional results, we interpret this finding as a reflection of rushed firm behavior."
"This paper seeks to answer this question by empirically investigating the relationship between store brand loyalty and store loyalty."
"Previous research has examined whether price dispersion exists in theoretically highly efficient Internet markets."
"However, these pricing strategies provide less flexibility than dynamic pricing for a firm facing uncertainty."
"We find that leasing can be environmentally worse despite remarketing all off-lease products and greener than selling despite the mid-life removal of off-lease products."
"Non-defense Federal government departments and agencies are in the second year of program development and budgetary review in the context of a program packaging structure, in which activities with related objectives are grouped in common packages for analytical and budgetary purposes."
"We explore whether such bundles increase should behaviors and whether people would pay to create these restrictive bundles."
"Solutions to the program indicate appropriate long-range visitor admittance policy as well as provide insights for internal park control which is supportive of park objectives."
"New York: Academic Press, 1967, 120 pp.,"
"Specifically, we consider appointment scheduling and sequencing under a time-varying number of servers, in a data-rich environment where service durations and punctuality are uncertain."
"In this paper we investigate conditions under which operations reversal can be used to reduce the variability—as measured by the variance and standard deviation—of production volumes at the intermediate stage of the manufacturing process."
"Here, in turn, comments are made on the Lodish note."
"We assume that f does not equally depend on all its arguments."
"Computation time is attractive, especially on larger problems."
"Optimal level debt schedules for municipal bonds."
"Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press, 1962—reviewed by Ernest Koenigsberg;—Riordan, John."
"When there is such a mismatch we are able to distinguish miscommunication from ethical disagreement between leaders and advisers."
"A Model of Probabilistic Choice Satisfying First-Order Stochastic Dominance (p. 542)Pavlo R. BlavatskyyHow can the choice of a decision maker be predicted if the decision maker is inconsistent?"
"Edited by Frederick G. Lesieur."
"It is proved that the problem reduces to the minimization of a sum or r positive semi-definite quadratic forms which, under the quadratic constraints, reduces to the problem of finding r eigenvectors of a special “disconnection” matrix."
"These treatments were applied in the same way as they are in real organizational situations, with experimental conditions used to control confounding influences of other outside factors."
"In general, the equilibrium investments of the suppliers are lower than those under centralized control."
"Additional channel tests reveal that firms with FinTech credit invest more in advertising and product/sector diversification, particularly during business downturns, which serves as effective mechanisms through which credit access reduces firm volatility."
"This paper was accepted by Joshua Gans, business strategy."
"In the general case, the need to solve large scale systems is considered, followed by a discussion on solving general block triangular systems that cover a vast majority of practical problems."
"I find that Landsat data nearly doubled the rate of significant gold discoveries after a region was mapped and increased the market share of new entrants from about 10% to 25%."
"A new linear programming formulation for handling categorical outputs in DEA is presented which eliminates the difficulties of interpretation and computation that accompanied earlier mixed integer models."
"We appeal to the notion of group identity to explain our results—participants seemed to be reluctant to “let down their team” in a competition."
"Brown's exponentially smoothed constant, linear and six- and eight-term harmonic models are compared with two seasonal factor models and ten Box-Jenkins models."
"The PGMs that offer the best performance in QMC methods are those that make the discontinuities QMC friendly."
"We also find that the diffusion rate of ISO standards is higher for later-adopting countries and for the later ISO 14000 standard."
"For a broad class of statistical and machine learning models of loan-level risk in discrete time, we prove a law of large numbers and a central limit theorem for the pool-level risk."
"Platforms that charge by transaction should also adopt the reinforcing rule for within-category allocation, but follow a “compensatory” rule for cross-category and intertemporal allocations by allocating more resources toward the weaker growth driver."
"They are the same as the best bounds known for the Hungarian Method."
"The purpose of this article is to formulate and test a decision model to increase the return on a pool of liquid assets through the use of Treasury bill futures contracts."
"Under independence, our global test has significantly greater power than the popular Hosmer–Lemeshow's χ2 test."
"This paper was accepted by Ashish Arora, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Chicago, Illinois; 1960."
"The work of Kiviat [6] provides a more meaningful categorization."
"By B. W. Lindgren and G. W. McElrath."
"In Chinese culture, certain digits are lucky and others unlucky."
"The insight for management: Managing the design of market trust systems can improve the veracity of information and improve market performance."
"We characterize our method, illustrate it in simulations, and then test it in a laboratory experiment."
"In standard models of iterative thinking, players choose a fixed rule level from a fixed rule hierarchy."
"The correct affiliation appears above and in the online version."
"Due to the combinatorial nature of the facility layout problem, current heuristic computer procedures do not always provide better solutions than visual methods."
"We address the question of how beliefs are formed in these situations."
"Unless channel members can offer credible guarantees that unobservable agreements do not exist, the strategic effects of delegation disappear."
"failure"
"These findings suggest that administrative structures that reduce technology leakage are a key feature of the equity joint venture, a result that is inconsistent with a “pure” knowledge-based perspective on alliances."
"This note applies the turnover-based and class-based assignment policies of Hausman et al. ("
"We compare stock price performance of award winners against various matched control groups for a five-year implementation period and a five-year postimplementation period."
"The manager can then select the portfolio which is closest to his personal risk-return preference."
"We also use this framework to show a new benefit to manufacturers selling through downstream retailers rather than directly."
"We first develop a two-category two-period theoretical model and propose optimal resource allocation strategies that account for heterogeneous within-category direct and indirect network effects and cross-category interdependence."
"For the case of contract menus, a supply chain that does not have information sharing will lower its selling quantities because of the negative quantity distortions in the contract menus, thus creating a strategic disadvantage in Cournot competition."
"This paper presents a quantitative planning model to determine the optimal characteristics (number, size and locations) of a regional health facility system."
"paperbound $4.75;—Greenlaw, Paul S. and M. William Frey, FIN ANSIM."
"This paper uses historical data for 52 Japanese automotive companies to evaluate the inventory-productivity relationship."
"I wish to advocate that managers should learn to use a little of the language of the theory of rationality, to make judgments of inequalities between probabilities and between utilities, and to understand what it means to be reasonably consistent."
"The procedure and the resulting efficiency scores are immediately applicable to solving practical problems."
"I provide a precise distinction between the intrinsic causal ambiguity associated with a particular strategy and the subjective ambiguity perceived by a challenger."
"The technique is used to examine the effects of Proctor and Gamble's promotion of the American Dental Association endorsement of Crest on the market shares of Crest and Colgate dentifrice during the years 1958–1963."
"The problem is to estimate the probability that starting from the attractor state, the Markov chain hits the rare set before returning to the attractor state."
"A method for joint control of cost and schedule is presented."
"This paper introduces a Bayesian level-k model, in which level-0 players adjust their actions in response to historical game play, whereas higher-level thinkers update their beliefs on opponents’ rule levels and best respond with different rule levels over time."
"First, we show that this error probability converges to zero exponentially fast with sample size for negatively dependent sampling."
"The dynamic programming problem is within the range of feasibility computationally, because only tables involving a single parameter are required."
"Organ exchanges are expected to increase the utilization of living donors and to alleviate the critical shortage of organs for transplantation."
"This paper presents a new approach to modeling, analyzing, and solving a class of environmental control problems dealing with sediment deposition."
"This technique includes numerous network modeling capabilities which make it more applicable to R&D project planning than traditional network techniques such as CPM and PERT."
"The economics paradigm is to view the organization as a marketplace for computing and information services which contains elements of supply and demand."
"A non-computer business game is described which can be used to test hypotheses about the effects of different organizational structures on material and social psychological outcomes."
"An asymmetric market-share model and a category-volume model are combined to represent market response to the actions of brand managers."
"Long-range planning for management."
"The objective of this research was to ascertain, for a type of equipment which is perhaps best suited to exact replacement analysis, the quantitative importance to the firm of following optimal policies in replacement and in the choice of equipment type."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Avramidis, A. N., P. L'Ecuyer, P. A. Tremblay."
"All of the programs were university-based, typically attached to the engineering schools of land grant public universities."
"But characteristically these domains are dramatically unstable."
"Last, using brokerage account data, we show that stocks that are traded by investors with more investment experience demonstrate a weaker return-factor relation."
"An input-output model is developed which permits inclusion of both direct and indirect costs in the measure of pollution control costs."
"Is it true that the first station always gets a higher share of the demand than the second one?"
"The online supplement is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2984.This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"—Editorial introduction—The mailbag: –“To the Editor” by Lawrence F. Young, New York –“To the Editor” by Robert J. Schreiber, New York –“To the Editor” by Maurice W. Sasieni, London, U.K. –Editor's invitation for letters that have something to do with marketing science."
"The researcher and the manager: A dialectic of implementation."
"Some rationale about decision making in organizations and criteria surfaces is supplied to help interpret the major ideas presented."
"We also show that broadband has a negative impact on exam scores regardless of gender, subject, or school quality and that the way schools allow students to use the Internet affects their performance."
"This paper shows that hedge fund activism is associated with a decrease in mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and offer premiums and an increase in stock and operating performance."
"The difference between the expected costs of proposed projects and the expected costs associated with reducing error levels is also highlighted since this difference has led to some confusion in establishing error levels."
"Two types of costs are incurred; the holding cost per unit time is assumed to be proportional to the inventory level while the ordering cost is that associated with the multiple set-up cost function (see (3) and Figure 1)."
"Further, as the threat of competition increases, the OEM is more likely to completely utilize all available cores, offering the remanufactured products at a lower price."
"If marginal and total benefits from the service are positively correlated (a sufficient condition is that the uncertainty not directly affect the buyer benefit), the usage charge should be set above the marginal cost of the service."
"In this example substantial loss in economic efficiency occurs when all polluters are required to reduce emissions by the same rate, which is a popular kind of equity notion termed a “benchmark” solution."
"The system appeared to make possible substantial positive profits."
"In such a case, we show that strategic competitors are better off having asymmetric product lines with one competitor bundling and the other selling unbundled."
"Certain modifications of these techniques to attack nonconvex problems are also presented."
"Overall, there were few signs that use of PCAM had a major impact on the state of police patrol allocation."
"Due to the uncertainties about costs or technology, the developer faces the risk of having to abandon the project at an intermediate phase."
"The center is assumed to be at least partially ignorant about the operations of the divisions and to rely upon information from the divisions in making coordinating decisions."
"This paper was accepted by Yu (Jeffrey) Hu, guest department editor, information systems."
"The cross-sectional tests over 10 portfolios sorted on size, 10 portfolios sorted on book-to-market, and 10 portfolios sorted on momentum show that the scaled ICAPM explains relatively well the dispersion in excess returns on the 30 portfolios."
"To do so, we provide a general framework to model the evolutions of forecasts generated by multiple decision makers who forecast demand for the same product."
"This study examines how momentum shapes organizational risk taking."
"We find that the diversity of behavior in terms of (dis)honesty in laboratory tasks and in the field correlate."
"However, providing a theoretical foundation for this phenomenon has remained a major open problem."
"This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"This paper was accepted by Chung Piaw Teo, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"failure"
"This paper investigates how institutions governing the employment relationship influence firms' adaptation to environmental changes."
"In the second section of the paper a particularly efficient parametric decomposition algorithm, which is based on the results of the first section, is presented."
"Our experiment results in an increase in loan repayments in the sample period."
"This exploratory study deals with executives' descriptions of the effects of conflict on their own organizations' decisions."
"First, parametric linear programming (PLP) is used to maximize periodic profits subject to specified values of state variables related to annual water use and irrigation system capacity."
"When evaluating multiple plays of a simple mixed gamble, a chance to win x or lose y, subjects show a sensitivity to the amount to lose on a single trial, holding the distribution of returns for the portfolio constant; that is, they display “myopic loss aversion.”"
"Market games constitute a class of cooperative n-person games with sidepayments in which several coalitions may form simultaneously."
"may be treated in a straightforward, computationally feasible manner by linear programming methods."
"Quart.6 (4, December) 131–172.],"
"The utility analysis of choices involving risk."
"We show that optimal relational contracts have dynamic form in this setting because the value of the outside option available to the parties, if the relationship is terminated, is determined by the contract terms."
"In the emerging multipolar world, however, the United States and Russia are dramatically reducing their offensive forces, and the offensive arsenals of Britain, France, and China are becoming relatively more important."
"Most of the business applications of computers, which we have planned up to this point, have led in one direction: greater speed in the processing of business data."
"This criticism is particularly pronounced for health products, where large asymmetries in information may exist between consumers and firms."
"Further tests indicate that chains endogenously pursue clustering, presumably to realize the benefits of improved quality outcomes."
"Extended producer responsibility (EPR) is a policy tool that holds producers financially responsible for the post-use collection, recycling, and disposal of their products."
"The results show that text message reminders that convey lenders’ positive expectations considerably increase the likelihood that borrowers will repay their loans, whereas reminders emphasizing the adverse consequences of failure to repay loans do not have enduring effects."
"The mathematical formulation is based on a model in which the main variables are the times spent on communication between different levels of the organisation and on communication between agents at the same level."
"It is unclear how (if at all) it is possible to achieve the purposes of specialization and generalization at the same time."
"Prototypes have two advantages: They help the customer to evaluate the unknown customized product, and they guide both parties in the search for the ideal product specification."
"Yet, limited attention has been paid to examine the potentially disparate impact of privacy protection on underprivileged subpopulations."
"Consumer preferences are modelled by a cardinal utility function defined on the vector of attributes and price, and customers maximize expected utility."
"The consequences of planning, the satisfaction of the research professor, his rewards and productivity are also examined."
"A numerical example illustrates the method."
"Performance bounds for the robust Gittins index are derived by using structural properties of the value function together with ideas from stochastic dynamic programming duality."
"The Nash axioms lead to different results depending on whether the negotiation is framed in terms of gains relative to no agreement or in terms of sacrifices relative to an ideal."
"It will be shown how, by appropriate adaptations, the methods of linear programming may be used to obtain estimates of parameters when more usual methods, such as “least squares,” are difficult or impossible to apply."
"The activities may be the various industries, primary or secondary, water storage and utilization, power generation, transportation terminals and urban development."
"Our break-even estimates serve as a basis for projecting the change in electricity prices once carbon emissions become costly."
"Using a sample of 2,271 large Italian private firms, we document that eponymy is positively associated with accrual-based FRQ measures, a Benford’s law–based FRQ measure, and a tax-related misstatement–based FRQ measure."
"The method is recursive and appropriate for hand or machine computation."
"The problem of specifying an allowance for defects in a production lot is that of balancing the cost of producing too many items against the risk of not having enough to meet requirements."
"The purpose of this study is to forecast the market shares of alternative home-heating units: oil-burners, gas-burners and electric-heating units for the United States."
"Harary, Lipstein, and Styan [Harary, F., B. Lipstein, G. P. H. Styan."
"Such remuneration introduces a myopia problem: An executive would wish to inflate early expected earnings at some risk to future profits."
"Generalized upper bounding technique."
"In the final section of the paper conclusions are drawn from the results of the work, and the general usefulness of simulation for assembly work is considered."
"This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"The model is calibrated to 1978 earnings (e.g., $18,000 per year for men aged 45–54 with at least some income)."
"The smaller-stakes products tend to have lower financial repercussions from a recall, and firms that do more new product development are more prone to recalls."
"We also discuss the implications of our results for organizational forms beyond the executive team."
"While the linear programming concept and the formulation of a specific model have value in themselves, the technique would fall short of its promise without efficient computing procedures."
"Rather, firms are disciplined only by the value of their reputations—the present value of their future partnerships."
"Tests of these hypotheses on the growth and exit rates of computer workstation manufacturers support this thesis."
"This paper reviews and explores the application of these concepts to the field of health."
"I find that, on average, Craigslist’s entry into a geographic market results in a 2%–6% annual reduction in MSW per capita generated."
"In this paper, we are concerned with the addition of workload limits on the facilities."
"If a candidate with expertise pair (x, y) is hired by unanimous decision, the payoffs to the selectors are simply x and y. However, to model the level of conformity in the firm, we deduct a positive “consensus cost” c from the utility of a selector who has rejected a candidate who is nevertheless hired."
"Heuristic problem solving."
"An example illustrates the application to scheduling to meet seven distinct daily requirements per week using employees for five consecutive work days."
"Empirically, we provide support for the existence of two customer segments (viz.,"
"This policy incorporates the following components: a discharge distribution with the first discharge peak between 8 a.m. and 9 a.m. and 26% of patients discharging before noon, and constant-mean allocation delays throughout the day."
"When firms control the switching cost, the early entrant increases its investment in quality and switching cost and maintains its quality and its market-share leadership irrespective of the extent of decline in the IT cost."
"Changes made by other groups, such as production teams with the most intense association with Weinstein and less experienced all-male teams, may be better explained by motivations to mitigate risk."
"Only in the event that other variables external to the cost minimization problem are assigned optimal values will the cost minimization problem be equivalent to profit maximization."
"A “split-the-difference principle” is suggested to augment the usual theory, so as to specify the exact amount of payments to be made in an ordinary two-person bargaining situation such as the sale of a used car."
"Our formulation enables us to quantify not only the direction and magnitude of competitive reactions, but also to identify the underlying form of market conduct that generates the particular pattern of interaction."
"The proposed control structure, therefore, provides an alternative to traditional profit-sharing."
"The transit times between locations may be stochastic."
"While there has been little study on this subject, there is great interest in improving product allocation in the retail industry."
"As a result, CDS trading could reduce firm value, and the negative effects are stronger when the firm is riskier, where shareholders have stronger bargaining power, and growth opportunities are less valuable."
"New York: The William-Frederick Press; 1968; 76 pp.;"
"Based on the extant literature and previous research in e-commerce, we formulate nine theoretical predictions."
"Sellers may induce a prospective buyer into a bad purchase through comparative deceptive advertising."
"In the case of carry-over, we establish the general result and show that capacity and inventory are economic substitutes: The target intervals decrease in the initial stock level and the optimal unconstrained base stock level decreases in the capacity level."
"With rational assumptions on the seller's belief structure, we characterize the perfect Bayesian equilibrium of the bargaining game."
"A theoretical model of interdisciplinary research project performance is formulated using the contingency and single-stage multivariate path analysis approaches."
"This assumption yields a model that is tractable for the purposes of structural estimation."
"25, No."
"We argue that in many settings, agents can also infer information from others’ response times (RT), which can increase efficiency."
"The optimal procedure is derived for comparing a known standard with one alternative whose unknown reward is inferred with sampling."
"The main result is a proof that the set of parameters which yield cost functions that have optimal solutions is a convex polyhedron."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"Our method can be applied to other settings in which the available set of products or services depends on demand."
"Indexing structures are of fundamental importance to modeling languages for mathematical programming as a device for mathematical abstraction, and because they facilitate achieving conciseness, stability, and error-resistance."
"Because of its complexity, an analytical solution of this multi-machine maintenance queuing system is not feasible."
"This process is described as the Operations Research and Development Process."
"Myopic policies for such problems order as if the salvage value in the current period for ending inventory were the full purchase price, so that information about the future would not be needed."
"Implications for management and public policy are then discussed."
"$4.95 (paper)."
"We show that, in a multifirm setting, insurance can be used strategically as a commitment mechanism to prevent excessive free riding by other firms."
"However, under one additional assumption, a constrained variant of the myopic policy is shown to have the following strong theoretical virtue: the expected performance gap relative to a clairvoyant who knows the underlying demand model is bounded by a constant as the number of sales attempts becomes large."
"Does testosterone increase the tendency to engage in self-employment?"
"Transportation Models."
"In addition to an ordering cost composed of a unit cost plus a reorder cost all that is needed in the proof is that the expected holding and shortage cost function be convex."
"A significant strategic and program design issue was how to balance intensive and specialized services with the need to respond to the heterogeneous needs of a broad clientele."
"Collectively, the results suggest that reputation concerns act as a disciplining mechanism for FRQ in private firms."
"January) 178–183.),"
"We investigate the impact of pricing policies (i.e., flat pricing versus peak pricing) on the investment levels of a utility firm in two competing energy sources (renewable and conventional), with a focus on the renewable investment level."
"The solution indicates the overall premium-to-surplus ratio, the distribution of premiums among insurance lines, and the proportion of assets in each major investment class that are consistent with the minimum level of risk for a given expected rate of return on net worth."
"The introduction of new technologies in existing administrative and technical organizations usually represents a significant investment in equipment and training."
"We show that when the cost increases as a linear or convex function of the package size, the firm should make packages of the smallest possible size."
"Increasingly, technological innovation creates markets for new products and services."
"We find that firms with high proprietary costs of public disclosure are more likely to resort to debt financing following the passage of Reg FD."
"Our model examines the role of performance measurement in driving strategy-consistent operational changes and in ensuring that the desired objectives of the strategic change process are achieved."
"These adverse incentives are overcome only with sufficient skin in the game and when there are no origination fees."
"The manufacturing strategy variables, in turn, influenced business performance."
"The study indicates that the initial financial inputs have a threshold effect on subsequent economic performance of biomedical and pharmaceutical new firms."
"It is shown here that decision is more realistically concerned with constructive, purposive, or creative aspects of human behavior."
"We look for a solution that leads to the same result from both perspectives."
"This paper was accepted by James Smith, decision analysis."
"This paper uncovers an implicit assumption, and its implications, made in the process of maximizing yield (or minimizing costs) subject to the duration constraints."
"We used an optimal design to select the choices in the experiment and Bayesian hierarchical modeling for estimation."
"Activity Analysis of Production and Allocation."
"Some shifts in state of development are resisted by the organization much more than are others, and intervention into organizations may be needed to help make the transitions less painful and costly."
"When the product is highly perishable, retailers are biased toward excessive price competition and inadequate inventories."
"First it is assumed that the postulated metamodel may be misspecified due to the true model structure being of third-order."
"paperbound $15;—Stankovich, Arthur, An Experimental Methodology to Plan the Organization and Delivery of Comprehensive Personal Health Services."
"In addition to charging sellers a commission on property that sells in the auction, many auction houses also specify buy-in penalties in auction contracts."
"The dataminer developed rules from an independent sample of 1.6 million observations and applied these rules to almost 460,000 promotion events in the validation process."
"In this paper, we provide evidence that high pricing errors in human and automated valuation models as well as rejection of loans with relatively low appraisals may generate the appearance of appraisal bias even when the original appraisals are unbiased."
"In contrast, no stock return reversals are found for firms that achieve the same level of sales growth in an inconsistent manner."
"In 2011, coupons alone accounted for $4.6 billion in consumer redemptions, and it is estimated that other postpurchase rebates have soared to $8 billion annually."
"The computational results demonstrate the applicability of the proposed procedure."
"This note considers linear programming problems in which the components of the cost vector are linear functions of a set of parameters."
"Arbitrage yields a 5.6% return on average, although arbitrageurs take a loss 14% of the time."
"Computational aspects of the control theory approach are discussed and solution results included for numerical examples."
"In this paper, methods (“repricing-reprocessing” theorems) are developed which (under certain assumptions about real world behavior) permit one to assess these effects exactly by means of a model of the same structure which can be prescribed in advance."
"We design online learning algorithms for product ranking that maximize the number of customers who engage with the site."
"Dynamic Capacity Allocation to Customers Who Remember Past Service (p. 592)Daniel Adelman, Adam J. MersereauHow should a business ration among its customers in times of shortage?"
"Analysis of production as an efficient combination of activities."
"Discounted dynamic programming."
"In addition, the effects of deteriorating control at each level are investigated."
"Somewhere however between the specific that has no meaning and the general that has no content there must be, for each purpose and at each level of abstraction, an optimum degree of generality."
"David P. Rutenberg [Rutenberg, David P. 1970."
"Although some of the context and all of the numbers have been changed to protect proprietary information, the following important facet of the original case history remains invariant in the transformation."
"In the real data example, the system is demonstrated using a case where it is assumed that the land owner has several mature forest stands, which can be harvested at any time during the next 3 years."
"The temporal dimension of the problem is handled by constructing a supergraph with a layer for each time period."
"Impacted analysts are also relatively more pessimistic around the one- and two-year anniversaries of the attacks."
"This paper presents a new approach to the simulation selection problem, one that maximizes the expected net present value of decisions made when using stochastic simulation."
"We demonstrate the superiority of our solution strategies for both short- and long-horizon problems against multiple benchmark methods used in practice."
"failure"
"1977."
"This paper is the second of a two-paper study of fairness issues for decisions that affect the benefits received and the risks encountered by a population."
"We develop a novel concordance metric and demonstrate using real patient data from Ontario, Canada that it has a statistically significant association with survival."
"We derive closed-form expressions for equilibrium quantities and prices in any two-stage system (i.e., a system with multiple input sectors and a single assembly sector)."
"These were combined into a single index of the overall technical quality of an experiment through the use of a multiattribute utility function."
"In this paper, we propose a framework for early analysis based on the success potential embodied in the product-idea itself and the circumstances of its emergence."
"failure"
"The problem is studied using a two-stage game."
"This paper develops an order-up-to S inventory model that is designed to handle multiple items, resource constraints, lags in delivery, and lost sales without sacrificing computational simplicity."
"The model is basically a quadratic programming model and allocates activities to zones in space and time such that a merit function is maximized."
"In terms of what information to record, a key insight is that recording moderately successful practices can be counterproductive, because doing so may inefficiently reduce employees' incentives to experiment."
"Boxwood Press, Pittsburgh, Pa., 1959; The Arms Race, Philip Noel-Baker."
"Second, looking at patient activities immediately after the follow-up appointment, we find that this long-term reduction is at least partially explained by an immediate reduction in opioids prescribed after the follow-up appointment."
"We frame these measures in the context of evolving product families in the technology-based firm."
"Lee Smith's paper (Smith, L. H. 1967."
"We examine the break-even value for CCS adoptions, that is, the critical value in the charge for CO2 emissions that would justify investment in CCS capabilities."
"In contrast, when losses are possible, we find that the two types of choices differ."
"This year the development of electronic digital computing machines has reached the point where American industry can turn from analysis and speculation to actual trial of the effectiveness of these machines in general business use."
"Appropriate inspection is a significant component of production systems."
"The basis of the model presupposes that the markets of interest are composed of many product areas in which companies will compete for a share."
"However, the numerical optimization methods that need to be used to solve such models seriously limit the level of detail in the uncertainty about future asset prices and returns that can be incorporated."
"1963."
"Directions for future research are suggested."
"Because the dynamic level-k model always converges to backward induction over repetition, the former can be considered to be a tracing procedure for the latter."
"This vertical specialization can improve the overall efficiency of the innovative process."
"Using a very general formulation of probabilistic preferences, we show that the phenomenon is not mainly due to intransitive choice."
"Overall, these observations help to explain how people deal with complexity in data modeling."
"Our study uses new firm-level data on several components of IS spending for 1987–1991."
"Furthermore, consumers’ knowledge about the firm’s cost efficiency can reduce the consumer surplus."
"Advantages of doing this are further illustrated by data deficiencies that escape detection by the econometric methods employed in the Justice Department-commissioned studies."
"The insight for management: Beyond 56% of total revenues, additional service revenues can be detrimental to total profitability."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, 1964, $9.50, 373 pp—reviewed by S. Benjamin Prasad;—Fishburn, Peter C. Decision and value theory."
"We describe the determination of theoretical a priori and a posteriori bounds."
"The optimization interface then diagnoses the problem as linear or nonlinear, computes first partial derivatives needed by the solution algorithms, and invokes the appropriate “solver.”"
"These operating characteristics are precisely the information needed to establish a suitable supply policy."
"Because of the typically complex nature of each challenge, the standard paradigm is predict-then-optimize."
"The distribution perceived by customers may differ from the actual."
"This is because the stability requirements of the one-core are too strong for such games."
"To do so, we introduce the approximate resource-allocation problem."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"This paper was accepted by Sridhar Tayur, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Held, M., R. M. Karp, R. Shareshian."
"This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"This implies that for investors with long planning horizon the information conveyed in the systematic risk of an investment is rather limited."
"We develop a formal simulation model that allows us to carefully examine the dynamics of innovation and performance in complex systems."
"For example, cheaper engineering resources, longer time horizons, faster output growth rates and superior transferability of knowledge from engineers to production workers are shown to be some possible factors responsible for faster learning in Japanese firms compared to U.S. firms."
"In both networks, service times follow general distributions that are characterized by their first two moments."
"We present and estimate a model that considers the university's use of equity to be a function of behavioral factors related to the university's prior experiences with licensing, success relative to other institutions, and the organization of the technology transfer office, as well as structural characteristics related to university type."
"That's the primary question in the British game show Golden Balls."
"We study an iterative cutting-plane algorithm on an integer program for minimizing the staffing costs of a multiskill call center subject to service-level requirements that are estimated by simulation."
"Examples and a practical application (in Foreign Exchange rate forecasting) are also provided."
"They all have their own philosophies, their own emphasis on what is regarded as a relevant range of subjects that students should cover in some depth if they aspire to practise in some aspect of management during their future careers."
"Our results also suggest that in two important ways patenting is not representative of the patterns of knowledge generation and transfer from MIT: patent volume does not predict publication volume, and those firms that cite MIT papers are in general not the same firms as those that cite MIT patents."
"Inadequate piracy enforcement efforts translate to lower investments in product development."
"The results in both these examples are intuitively appealing, suggesting face validity of the principle."
"Whereas a single-product firm can closely tailor offerings to customers’ needs, a multiproduct firm can create value for customers in the form of flexibility, allowing them to change between product varieties as preferences evolve without needing to switch providers."
"The fit of the model is reasonably good."
"Our analysis provides new evidence on how and why the value of diversification varies with financial constraints and economic conditions, and it suggests that corporate diversification can serve an important insurance function for investors."
"Similarly, fund of hedge funds firms can simultaneously offer a hedge fund."
"This paper goes beyond the common recommendation to simply overlap activities as much as possible."
"Conventional production scheduling makes use of a minimum cost production quantity."
"For example, the U.S. Government's policy of revealing losing bids may cause regret-sensitive bidders to anticipate regret and bid conservatively, decreasing the government's revenue."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, finance."
"For example, when the high-quality component is made common, the average quality of the products offered to the two segments increases."
"The optimal investment proportions in all assets may be found by solving a stochastic program having one random variable and one decision variable via a search technique."
"Motivated by this interpretation, we investigate whether increased trading activity entails changes in real corporate actions."
"The online supplement is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2854.This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Studies of career dynamics implicitly claim that government employees are not entrepreneurial."
"failure"
"The insight for management: Redundancy of ideas has value."
"Initially side-stepping the combinatorial nature of the problem, FLAC is found to perform well in problems with high as well as low flow dominance, and in the presence and absence of line dominance."
"and 202 pp., ("
"We present a new approach in which a set of break variables is introduced for every shift-break type combination to determine the break placements."
"For more typical slow grid-level electricity storage, we numerically establish that ignoring negative prices could result in a considerable loss of value when negative prices occur more than 5% of the time."
"To solve the RSB problem, we develop a two-stage selection procedure and a sequential selection procedure; we then prove that both procedures can achieve at least a user-specified probability of correct selection under mild conditions."
"In addition, this design also has excellent information revelation properties that are validated through computational experiments."
"Some elementary probability models are given that help articulate the trade-offs involved in managing secrets."
"The performance of single-server queues with independent interarrival intervals and service demands is well understood, and often analytically tractable."
"In addition, we ask what types of businesses are most likely to benefit from such promotions."
"Finally, from the practical perspective of managing the delegated search process, our results offer rules of thumb on how many and what size awards should be offered, as well as the extent to which firms should undertake problem specification, contingent on the nature (open-endedness and uncertainty) of the design problem solution being delegated to outside agents."
"Further, the literature suggests that the profitability of such actions depends on market structure."
"We find that code reuse is extensive across the sample and that open source software developers, much like developers in firms, apply tools that lower their search costs for knowledge and code, assess the quality of software components, and have incentives to reuse code."
"This paper describes a simple calculation for the assignment and transportation problems which is “dual to” the well-known Hungarian Method."
"An alternative convention prevalent in endogenous growth and evolutionary economics is that spillovers have directionality—the size of the relevant pool differs across firms."
"This study looks at the role of internal linkages in highly competitive clusters."
"Recent events of stock repurchases and offerings are motivated more by business-operating reasons than to exploit mispricing."
"paperbound $1;—Maloney, Clifford J., Tequilap: Ten Quantitative Illusions of Administrative Practice."
"We then consider the effect of competition by modeling the impact of entry on an incumbent's investment behavior."
"The minimum spillage sequencing problem, which arises in real-time satellite signal data processing, requires a set of numbers to be arranged so as to minimize the “overflow” of the partial sums above an upper bound."
"The function was modified to accommodate the additional complexity of the more sophisticated computational capability and then used to predict terminal requirements."
"Costs consist of processing costs at each node and linear holding costs for inventory."
"Subjects' beliefs about the usefulness and ease of use of an electronic mail system, their intentions to use the system, and their usage of it 15 weeks later were measured in a longitudinal study."
"In this paper, we investigate the relationship between complementary product integration and the initial technology strategy of a high-technology new venture."
"Addressing itself to a reduced version of this problem, the article outlines a computational approach to finding a feasible and minimum cost (set-up plus storage) production schedule for a group of items which must be available continuously though produced consecutively in a single production center."
"Although the model does not describe the decision processes observed empirically, its output is sufficiently similar to actual allocations that it can be viewed as predictive."
"Using evidence from more than 11,000 Swedish twins, the authors demonstrate that a number of economic behaviors are moderately heritable and that variation in common environment explains only a small share of individual differences."
"In the course of five different studies, we provide experimental evidence that this “I designed it myself” effect creates economic value for the customer."
"We translate our model findings into a managerial framework."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1794This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, finance."
"1965."
"Our findings are consistent with reductions in both variable and fixed menu costs (i.e., both costs that scale with the number of products affected and costs that do not).This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"We then design multiple-stage screening programs for several different subject populations."
"Applying extant theoretical and modeling perspectives, especially from branding, spatial competition, and channels, we show that although each of the three roles has its unique domain of optimality, the co-optor role is the most widely optimal for the MPCB; it is profit maximizing even when the end products are strong (but not perfect) substitutes, an alternative component is available and the downstream market is saturated."
"A unit increase in training is linked to a 2.14% increase in an employee's performance."
"Manufacturing firms in capital-intensive industries face inherent demand volatility for their products and the inability to change their capacity quickly."
"The removal of some assumptions by considering a) rebates given by middlemen in order to gain cooperation, b) segmented markets, c) costs of information transmittal, d) conditions of minimum returns on investment, and e) strategy formulation render the model more realistic."
"Analysis of the data suggests the negative binomial data-generating process as both most closely representing the underlying process and being simple to adapt to a decision model."
"In order to check the accuracy of the approximate formulae, they are numerically tested on some special cases."
"By means of a numerical study, we generate further insights into more specific conditions under which fixed priority policies can be considered as an alternative to FCFS.This paper was accepted by Baris Ata, stochastic models and simulation."
"In fact, we estimate that a recruit's exploitation of her own prior ideas accounts for almost half of the above effect, with much of the diffusion to others being limited to the recruit's immediate collaborative network."
"In the present paper it is shown that when n such decisions must be made, some multiple (s, S) policy will minimize total (discounted) costs, though under slightly more restrictive conditions."
"The value of information may increase as supplier types become uniformly more reliable."
"This lagged pointwise stationary approximation (lagged PSA) is obtained by first estimating the time of the actual peak congestion by the time of peak congestion in an infinite server model and then substituting the arrival rate at this time in the corresponding stationary finite server model."
"Despite this, we show that the new entrant is less likely to disrupt an incumbent than the incumbent is to disrupt itself, and less likely to fail in the market."
"The relation between productivity, efficiency and size of a technical organization as affected by internally generated and circulated paperwork is analyzed."
"Possible extensions of the model are also discussed."
"The portfolio optimization model has limited impact in practice because of estimation issues when applied to real data."
"Management Sci.8 210.]"
"We find that a declining IT cost always hurts the early entrant’s profit."
"444–459), S. C. Parikh and W. S. Jewell discuss the decomposition of cost-time project networks into subnetworks to aid in finding a cost function for the entire project."
"The security market line accords with the capital asset pricing model by taking on an upward slope in pessimistic sentiment periods, but is downward sloping during optimistic periods."
"We examine how ICOs can be leveraged in the context of asset tokenization, whereby firms issue tokens backed by future assets (i.e., inventory) to finance growth."
"A simple example is presented."
"Author's correction of Dantzig, G. B. 1960."
"Although our results suggest that adult hypertension and diabetes are minimized by focusing childhood obesity screening and treatment on older adolescents, the shortcomings in the available data and the narrowness of the medical outcomes considered prevent us from making a recommendation about childhood obesity screening policies."
"Their critique is not of Chaiken's paper, “Transfer of Emergency Service Deployment Models to Operating Agencies,” (Chaiken, J. 1978."
"TCI contracts can be either cancelable (the insurer has the discretion to cancel this guarantee during the insured period) or noncancelable (the terms cannot be renegotiated within the insured period)."
"We find that when sentiment is high, analysts' forecasts of one-year-ahead earnings and long-term earnings growth are relatively more optimistic for “uncertain” or “difficult-to-value” firms."
"We review some of the kinds of approaches that have been tried and look in some detail at two approaches which seem especially promising."
"We are grateful for their contributions; without them the journal could not function."
"Industry Structure, Executive Pay, and Short-Termism (p. 402)John ThanassoulisHow should executive contracts be structured to avoid short-termism behavior that can cause excessively risky behavior?"
"We build a game-theoretic model to examine how better demand forecasting resulting from algorithms, machine learning, and artificial intelligence affects the sustainability of collusion in an industry."
"The implications of concentrating on the lowest moment(s) of average compound return over N periods in making investment decisions have recently been examined."
"A test of the Method the accounts of a commercial bank is described and the judgements implied by the risk index are compared to the criteria used by interviewers in rejecting applicants."
"Group performance, perceptions of group cohension, and group interaction processes were assessed as the primary dependent variables."
"failure"
"The extensive risk creates an “attachment” effect, whereas the intensive risk operates via a “comparison” effect."
"New York: Basic Books, Inc.; 1968, 206 pp.,"
"Otherwise, a screening contract based on price and quantity is preferred."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"Joint National ORSA/TIMS Meeting, Boston, 22 April.)"
"We capture this risk management consideration by allowing a prespecified shortfall from a target benchmark-linked return, consistent with growing interest in such practice."
"This paper draws on recent developments in classification methodology to propose and illustrate an integrative classification methodology which overcomes some of the current problems of classification approaches."
"Assembled product manufacturers often introduce line extensions that share components with existing products, or among themselves, resulting in cost interactions among products because of shared costs, and revenue interactions because of cannibalization."
"We determine the optimal dynamic sampling effort of a firm and examine the factors that affect the sampling decision."
"In this paper, we examine the issue: do organizations need to employ costly designs in order to exhibit high performance in a dynamic situation."
"The analytic hierarchy process (AHP) is flawed as a procedure for ranking alternatives in that the rankings produced by this procedure are arbitrary."
"Our language-based model of changing cultural fit (1) predicts individual attainment; (2) reveals distinct patterns of adaptation for employees who exit voluntarily, exit involuntarily, and remain employed; (3) demonstrates that rapid early cultural adaptation reduces the risk of involuntary, but not voluntary, exit; and (4) finds that a decline in cultural fit for individuals who had successfully enculturated portends voluntary departure."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"There is a certain lack of precision at critical points in the Kantorovich article which may tend to compound this price if allowed to stand through time."
"A variant of the trust game demonstrates that communication matters in a manner consistent with economic theory; specifically, the words “I am sorry” appear to select equilibrium behavior consistent with the theory's main predictions."
"I study these connections in the context of motion pictures."
"work, explicitly incorporates concepts which are both relevant and crucial, such as the negotiators' power, concession points, aspiration level, limit, and time pressure."
"We show that this identity generalizes some well-known low order identities for the multinormal distribution."
"Simulation models of a wide variety of physical situations can now be developed with these languages."
"Thus, when comparing actual outcomes to value estimates, we should expect to be disappointed on average, not because of any inherent bias in the estimates themselves, but because of the optimization-based selection process."
"Evaluation of FIFO (=first in first out) versus LIFO (=last in first out) policies in stock depletion problems has hitherto been based on the classification of field life functions as convex and concave, the optimal policy for n > 2 units being determined when the optimal policy for n = 2 units is known."
"The dual objective function is called the Lagrangian; it is defined in terms of the original problem."
"The major purpose of this paper is to present these results in a unified framework, which then permits substantial generalizations and extensions."
"We further obtain the exact distribution of the out-of-sample returns and explicit expressions of the expected out-of-sample utilities of the combining strategy, providing not only a fast and accurate way of evaluating the performance, but also analytical insights into the portfolio construction."
"To do so, I conducted a field experiment with a beverage vending machine business."
"Results indicate that the use of a code generator in development is associated with increased software complexity and software enhancement project effort."
"This problem arises naturally in the context of the Shifting Bottleneck Procedure for the general job shop scheduling problem, as a relaxation of the latter, tighter than the standard one-machine relaxation."
"The mean rate of demand may vary over time but demands in different time periods are assumed independent."
"This paper provides evidence that stock returns of a financial conglomerate are affected by how successful certain funds of its asset-management division are."
"Other measures of market behavior of potential use to marketing managers, such as the cumulative penetration, trial and repeat purchase ratio for a given brand, are also derived from the brand's aggregate theoretical purchase distribution."
"We adopt the continuous-time optimal control framework and marry a self-replication model on the production side to the canonical innovation-diffusion model on the demand side."
"The other type of program is one that is genuinely thought out by the persons responsible and reflects the methods, ideas, capacities and caprices of various members of the faculty, although sometimes one vigorous member of the group essentially puts his stamp on the program."
"The model is tested using two separate research sites to provide replication."
"This is different, however, from the usual approach in the multiechelon setting (e.g., METRIC).We describe simple methods for computing or approximating the steady-state behavior of the system."
"The trust-embedded model considers that decision makers are motivated by nonpecuniary motives to be trusting and trustworthy."
"We illustrate an application of optional reinsurance using data for Medicare psychiatric inpatient services."
"Let us consider some particular optimization problem."
"and Veinott [Veinott, A. F., Jr. 1963."
"I responded to this, also in a private communication to the Editor."
"We find that productivity improves when multiple generations of the firm’s primary product family are produced concurrently, reflecting the firm’s ability to augment and transfer knowledge from older to newer product generations."
"paper bound $3;—Farina, Mario V., Programming in Basic."
"The service time for a customer at any station is assumed to be a random variable, the distribution of which may depend on the station."
"Focusing on one of the center’s infusion units (roughly 90 daily appointments, 25+ infusion chairs), we reduce cost (waiting plus overtime) on the order of 15%–40% consistently, under a wide range of experimental setups."
"Group decision making provides a mechanism for channeling individual members' knowledge into productive organizational outcomes."
"We prove that this algorithm is rate optimal without any additional assumptions on the context distribution or the number of arms."
"It is suggested that the O.R. group and individuals that face up to the challenge of defining a program through the implementation phase, securing management's continuing review and participation in defining and supporting the OR&D program, will find that a greater percentage of projects will produce meaningful results."
"This notion was formalized in Stahl (1989, “Oligopolistic pricing with sequential consumer search,” American Economic Review, Vol."
"It disciplines agents by creating the fear that their successors may discover and report their hidden information."
"We propose a parameter estimation method based on what we call the minimum decisional regret principle."
"In one condition, the retailer becomes less loss averse when we temporally compress the fixed fee payment and the realization of retail profits, which supports the loss aversion theory."
"The remaining two models minimize a weighted sum of errors."
"Hence, households' brand switching and repeat purchase probabilities vary over time, independent of any variation in marketing mix activities. ("
"An increasing number of manufacturers have started to pursue a strategy that promotes inventory sharing among the dealers in their distribution network."
"These bounds are tight and obtained by applying frequency-based policies that make use of at most three different shipping frequencies and cannot be improved by allowing more frequencies or using time-based policies on each link."
"The main contribution is a flexible simulation-based iterative-staffing algorithm (ISA) for the Mt/G/st + G model—with nonhomogeneous Poisson arrival process (the Mt) and customer abandonment (the + G)."
"We further show that the solution for the finite-horizon problem converges to that of the infinite-horizon problem."
"failure"
"In subsequent articles, which will appear in issues throughout Volume 50, we will take more detailed disciplinary looks at the past, present, and future of Management Science and the management subfields it represents."
"The insight for management: In highly customer-intensive service industries, offering longer service times might justify higher prices, even at the cost of longer customer waiting time."
"It seems useful to have models that can help senior managers of bidder firms make informed decisions about the amount of premium, over the target's share prices prevailing prior to merger announcement, that can be justified on the basis of operational synergies."
"Other managerial implications are discussed in the paper."
"Then, by adding one crucial new feature, we are able to create a new design, the Resource Allocation Design (RAD) auction process, which performs better than both."
"Numerical experiments with simulated and real market data indicate that the proposed approach results in lower realized portfolio VaR, better efficient frontier, and lower maximum realized portfolio loss than alternative approaches for quantile-based portfolio risk minimization."
"Several well known purchasing policies or “buying strategies” are studied by-means of simple mathematical models."
"Another explanation involves timely loss recognition stemming from conservative accounting (e.g., Basu [Basu S (1997) The conservatism principle and the asymmetric timeliness of earnings."
"A market share model is developed to capture (1) the impact of delivery-time commitment and delivery quality on the firm's market share and (2) the impact of the firm's market share and process variability on delivery quality when there is a congestion effect."
"In this paper, we explore these issues by investigating entry patterns in the disk-drive industry."
"Most of the survivable network design models proposed to date indirectly ensure network survivability by invoking a connectivity constraint, which calls for a prespecified number of paths between every distinct pair of nodes in the network."
"To account for these anomalies, we generalize the standard economic model by allowing the retailer's utilities to be reference dependent so that the up-front fixed fee payment is perceived as a loss and the subsequent retail profits as a gain."
"failure"
"We also examine the (dis)advantages for a firm of having open or closed interfaces for the component it sells when the environment is competitive as well as how this is related to the endogenous emergence of two-sided platforms."
"Using mechanism design theory, we show that given the players’ incentives, the equilibrium incidence of bargaining failures (“strikes”) should increase with the pie size, and we derive a condition under which strikes are efficient."
"Ann."
"Each sector may use several inputs to produce its product, and these inputs are supplied by different sectors."
"Because the risk of extraction increases in lead age, physicians may extract leads to reduce the future risk of mandatory extraction, due to either infection or limited space in the vein."
"T. C. Koopmans, ed."
"The discount rate and the risk premium depend on the shape of these three functions."
"Economics research finds that when the grammatical structure of a language disassociates the future from the present, speakers of the language also disassociate the future from the present in their behaviors."
"Each type of customer has its own service time distribution."
"Each of n jobs must be run first on machine I and then on machine I. Running times for each job on each machine are given."
"Ranking procedures and subjective probability distributions."
"Commonality strategies assemble different products from at least one common component and one other product-specific component."
"20, No."
"The results also explain why high levels of TATT may not be welcomed by the external auditor or certain stakeholders and explain ambiguous Sarbanes-Oxley reports."
"Using the Taylor expansion series of the representative investor's marginal utility, I show that the price of market volatility risk is restricted by the investor's risk aversion and skewness preference."
"However, in contrast to findings for the population, they are less tradition and security oriented than their male counterparts."
"The limiting distribution of the test statistic is bounded by a chi-squared distribution under general sampling schemes, allowing for conservative large-sample testing."
"An algorithm based on partial enumeration has been developed by E. L. Lawler and M. D. Bell for solving integer linear programs with 0–1 decision variables; however their algorithm is not general enough to deal with all problems in which the objective function is quadratic."
"Below it, managing earnings can tip the firm into a vicious cycle of accelerating decline."
"Results reported demonstrate that the procedure can obtain optimal balances for assembly lines with between 50 and 100 tasks in a reasonable amount of computation time and with modest computer storage requirements."
"This distinction differentiates our model from other models of goodwill, in which firm sales are only a function of the existing goodwill level."
"The purpose of this paper is to give such an interpretation."
"Our findings are consistent with these predictions."
"Books Received"
"Our results can be seen as a verification of the mechanism underlying Arrow's “replacement” effect."
"Book Reviews—Hertz, David B. and J. Melese (eds.),"
"We discuss the implications of these findings for further research, for firms' compensation practices, and for individual IT professionals."
"In addition, the recipient’s level of support for the issue praised for moderates the effect of customer-praise messages on the recipient’s less altruistic behaviors."
"This paper extends the standard option-pricing models with lognormal forward rates to accommodate significant kurtosis observed in the interest-rate data."
"We first derive a theoretical expression that links forward-looking risk premium to investors' risk aversion and forward-looking volatility, skewness, and kurtosis of cumulative return."
"We show that such problems, of realistic size, can be solved optimally by mixed-integer programming."
"A comparison with a hierarchical agglomerative heuristic, the minimum squared error method, is included."
"Manufacturing cycle time determination for a multi-stage economic production quantity model."
"In the second part, it is used to justify the “Method of Extended Models” as a tool for building optimization models."
"We consider nonstationary deterministic production smoothing problems with coats for starting and halting production."
"We find that, in general, many different clearing vectors can arise, among which there is a greatest clearing vector, arrived at by letting banks fail in succession until only solvent banks remain."
"Tight lower bounds are obtained with a max-flow algorithm."
"This paper develops a new algorithm for increasing the revenue in a dynamic product assortment problem."
"We discuss the implications of our findings for managing knowledge exchange within diverse groups."
"Very little additional data is required, beyond that needed for a conventional linear program."
"A Model of Casino Gambling (p. 35)Nicholas BarberisWhy do people go to casinos?"
"For multiple proposed systems, we extend previous Bayesian selection procedures to account for discounting and simulation-tool development costs."
"One explanation is that IS spending may lead to increases in product quality or variety which tend to be overlooked in the aggregate statistics, even if they increase output at the firm-level."
"This paper was accepted by Karl Diether, finance."
"for an optimum partition problem is shown to be incorrect."
"Scranton, Pennsylvania: International Textbook Company, 1970, 508 pp.,"
"Econometrica54(4) 785–806.],"
"Using this connection, we show how the problem can be reduced to the problem of solving a series of binary quadratic programs."
"No more than n(n − 1)/2 comparisons are needed to find the shortest route from a given origin to all other nodes and possibly less between two fixed nodes."
"One of these tools, which has already proved its worth in practical applications, is linear programming."
"The novel approach of using a known heuristic solution to derive a lower bound in all cases reduced the difference between the upper and lower bound."
"Therefore, the buyer can learn from the (strategic) acceptance decisions taken by the seller and from evaluations of the (stochastic) quality delivered whenever a purchase occurs."
"We also used our models to explore the impact of manpower reductions that might accompany a switch to one-officer units."
"failure"
"We investigate the interplay between learning effects and externalities in the problem of competitive investments with uncertain returns."
"We focus, in this comment, on the specific crop supply problem used by Hausman to illustrate the applicability of his general framework."
"April).]"
"Hence, if the design objective is to equalize the overflow probability of each drawer, the best a priori policy is to divide the original ordered samples equally among the file drawers."
"A heuristic program for locating warehouses."
"I find that western firms adapted to migration by increasing employment unless they were affiliated with a works council, an institution that limits the firm's autonomy in managing its workforce."
"We analyze the allocation of priority in queues via simple bidding mechanisms."
"The international sample reveals great variation in the distribution of each type of product variety in different regions, reflecting in part different strategies for variety."
"Although systems management is not specifically discussed, the concepts structured not only give quantitative meaning to the engineering aspects of systems development but also extend to systems management."
"This report presents—A. Recent Developments in Decision and Network Models—B. Accounting and Value Theory—C. Simulation Methods—D. Queueing Theory and Systems Engineering—E. Resource Allocation Models—F. Programming, Games, Decisions and Strategies—G. Recent Developments in Programming—H. Simulation and Automata—I. Contributed Papers"
"In November 2011, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission implemented the final provision of Rule 15c3-5 curbing unfiltered market access."
"failure"
"On the basis of effectiveness of family planning diffusion, the results of the analysis indicate that the Malaysian integrated population program is more effective than its categorial counterpart."
"One player first sends a message indicating an intended play, which is either favorable or unfavorable to the other player in the game."
"In this paper, we discuss the methods supporting this moment approach and evaluate their performance in the context of the example."
"This is designed to formalize the notion of business strategy as making moves to try to shape the competitive environment in a favorable way. ("
"Some security experts have advocated outsourcing prevention and detection to different MSSPs."
"failure"
"The framework postulates the importance of congruent or, at least, accommodative relationships between the core values dominating the local setting, and those underlying transferred practices for the effectiveness of “imported” organizational practices."
"“‘But we can't agree whether A or B is correct,' he concluded, ‘and so we're collecting expert opinions, weighting them appropriately, and programming WESCAC to arbitrate the whole question.’” ("
"Author's rejoinder to comments [Yen, J. Y. 1971."
"A crucial undertaking in research on organizations is to obtain valid estimates of the organization-level constructs and their relationships to one another."
"Governments use consumer incentives to promote green technologies (e.g., solar panels and electric vehicles)."
"Rather than follow the procedure of implying out the behavior of spreads from assumptions concerning the default process, we work directly with the evolution of spreads."
"How does public data shape the relative performance of incumbents and entrants in the private sector?"
"Moreover, when public exits are incomplete, the ordinal rank of the bidder whose private information can be inferred is unknown, making that information less valuable."
"This is true for a wide range of wholesale prices and revenue-share percentages and is more likely when the revenue-share percentage is higher and when variation in demand is greater."
"A dynamic model is formulated for determining optimum operating policies in a variable channel queuing situation."
"Despite its importance, sampling remains one of the most under-researched areas."
"Clearly, this problem can be solved using any of the multiobjective linear programming techniques; but the computational efforts needed would be prohibitive in many cases."
"New York: Gordon and Breach; 344 pp.,"
"Constraints are developed for land, labor, water, machinery, fertilizer, and capital resources."
"There is also a growing interest in multiobjective network location problems."
"We also uncover interesting dynamics between the two governing bodies: (1) the spillover does not occur when treated firms increase CEO-independent director social ties, suggesting CEO-executive connections and CEO-director connections are substitutes; (2) consistent with theories of board independence, when an information environment calls for dependent boards, increasing CEO-executive connections, which helps negate the shock effect on the board, has positive marginal effects on firm performance."
"Budgetary and programmatic issues were handled through the use of constraints."
"Belmont, Cal.:"
"The paper suggests rules of thumb that allow one to make probability statements about each form without recourse to costly simulation."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"The company's policy for dealing with a demand at a depot that cannot be satisfied from local stock is to either transfer the item from the other depot in the group or to place an emergency order."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, finance."
"Managing Delegated Search Over Design Spaces (p. 606)Sanjiv Erat, Vish KrishnanRecently, the Swiss-based nongovernmental organization Mabawa posed the Rwanda Rural Electrification Challenge in “tournament” fashion, with the top three solutions splitting $2,500."
"This, of course, will involve certain costs."
"A resource directed decomposition method, which simultaneously exploits stochastic programming and mixed integer programming model structures, is proposed."
"Inspired by this debate, we study the relationship between information technology (IT) and government size."
"failure"
"Compared to grid-based numerical schemes, the partitioning algorithm gives the closed-form solution without discretization error, and in many cases does not suffer from the curse of dimensionality."
"We find that tip recommendations affect tip amounts, but not customer satisfaction, patronage frequency, or bill size, which implies that neither the processes underlying the tip-recommendation effects on tipping nor consumer tipping itself affect these other consumer outcomes."
"This paper was accepted by Dmitri Kuksov, marketing."
"In addition to the computer simulation experiments, we also discuss a simple computer-compatible algebraic notation scheme for identifying structure (facility interrelationships) within networks of the three types considered."
"Corrections to the authors' paper “Linear Multiparametric Programming by Multicriteria Simplex Method,” Management Science, Vol."
"We address the modeling and analysis of abandonments from a queue that is invisible to its occupants."
"I have given below a correct version of the proof, mentioning only its main points."
"1, No."
"M-labeled digraphs are defined and a technique for determination of the sign of sequences in such digraphs is presented."
"Linear programming formulations for piecewise loglinear estimation of efficient production surfaces are derived from a set of basic properties postulated for the underlying production possibility sets."
"The tasks that faced the research team were to list feasible policies, formulate their stochastic behaviour and recommend solution techniques on the strength of the available data."
"By making the assumptions of Poisson arrivals and a common exponential service time this problem can be formulated as an infinite horizon continuous time Markov decision problem."
"6 reports the results of simulation tests which compare heuristic policies for our model when the service times associated with each customer class have arbitrary distributions."
"The human-computer systems design research stream emphasizes the cognitive basis for effective systems design."
"Management Sci.10 131–142.]."
"Finance9(3) 203–228), VaR may not possess the subadditivity property required to be a coherent measure of risk."
"We provide direct evidence against alternative explanations such as integer constraints, skills mismatch, and dynamic selection effects."
"Costs incurred under optimal manning policies as given by the model are compared with the historical costs incurred on actual forest fires under present manning plans."
"Additional analysis using a separate sample of rejected accelerator applicants further supports these findings."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, stochastic models and simulation."
"The proposed models depend upon the use of a state variable to describe the quality level at various points in the system and upon, transition matrices to describe the error-producing and error-detecting characteristics of the individual servers and machines that compose the system."
"Three experiments are reported relating types of planning activities to performance and attitudes."
"It is to this portion of the problems of management that the considerations in this paper are directed."
"Exploiting data on the origins of semiconductor producers with larger sales, we argue that the higher mobility of semiconductor inventors in Silicon Valley is in great part due to the entry of spinoffs there."
"Conventional beliefs hold that processes to improve software quality can be implemented only at the expense of longer cycle times and greater development effort."
"I examine the role of geography in the market for CEOs and find that firms hire locally five times more often than expected if geography were irrelevant to the matching process."
"It offers retailers opportunities for more efficient and profitable shelf management, as well as higher-quality planograms."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2609.This paper was accepted by Sendil Ethiraj, organizations."
"This paper provides a computational technique for the evaluation of the distribution of the net present value (NPV) of an investment, in which the cash inflows occur at random time points, as in the case of venture capital."
"Service times are, in general, assumed to be exponentially distributed."
"Consumers purchase the new product and dispose of the last-generation product, which becomes e-waste."
"It is observed that the MSAF forecasts are better than its competitors in most cases, especially when leadtimes are at least one season length."
"This paper presents a framework for AFA based on estimating information value."
"We found evidence that the preference for outsider knowledge is the result of managerial responses to (1) the contrasting status implications of learning from internal versus external competitors, and (2) the availability or scarcity of knowledge-internal knowledge is more readily available and hence subject to greater scrutiny, while external knowledge is more scarce, which makes it appear more special and unique."
"We build a theoretical model in which ratings can help consumers figure out how much they would enjoy the product."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"This state can be detected only by performing an inspection."
"The purpose of this study was to contribute to the literature concerning forecasting the time series of accounting earnings."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1793This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"The generalized CRR (GCRR) model allows us to fine-tune (via the stretch parameter) the lattice structure so as to efficiently price a range of options, such as barrier options."
"The approach works particularly well when a user's traversal is influenced by the most recently visited pages on a site."
"This paper investigates the mechanism through which short selling of a bank's stocks can trigger the failure of the bank."
"In our model, customer patience depends on the mean waiting time in the queue."
"The validity of this approach has been ascertained by extensive computational tests; moreover, the operations research (OR) department of an airline has implemented the method to solve ground staff management problems."
"There is, relatedly, an increasing focus on charity performance metrics."
"Many studies show that time preference data from experiments and surveys are related to field behavior."
"The purpose of this note is to generalize the optimal final inventory model presented previously [Hadley, G., T. M. Whitin."
"As the number of terminals increased, the number of qualifed users increased faster, and requests for terminals became more numerous."
"Furthermore, the positive association between FRQ and eponymy is similar whether the top executives/board members belong to the founding family’s first or later generations."
"In this paper we present a new improved design for multiobject auctions and report on the results of experimental tests of that design."
"There have been several publications dealing with the theory of semi-Markov processes, [1–6]."
"The research in the two disciplines is closely related and can be applied to predicting consumer preferences for multiattribute options."
"On the other hand, under some conditions forgetfulness can make meting out severe punishments—even below-(stage) minimax punishments—credible and decrease the ability for players to effectively deviate, facilitating cooperation even in circumstances where cooperation cannot be sustained under perfect recall."
"To what extent are product line actions proactive?"
"History indicates that unlike the PC market, the workstation market consisted of a large number of power users, who are less sensitive to compatibility than ordinary users."
"For instance, participants holding one piece of chocolate show an endowment effect of standard size, but so do participants holding one box of chocolates."
"We find a closed-form tight bound on the expected cost when there are only two locations."
"The insight for management: Sequential decision heuristics based on economics may account for the expected benefit of alternatives and may allow for adaptive stopping policies, saving time and effort."
"In this paper, we study the contracting issues in an outsourcing supply chain consisting of a user company and a call center that does outsourcing work for the user company."
"This paper discusses the notion of workflow congestion in the context of material handling equipment interruptions in a manufacturing or warehousing facility."
"Our approach can be applied at no incremental cost by using routine repeated cross-sectional customer survey data collected by firms."
"Engineering manpower constitutes an important national resource where demand and supply must be in reasonable balance to assure continued economic growth."
"Because the number and location of spline knots are unknown, we use the birth-death process of Denison et al. ("
"Hollis B. Chenery and Paul G. Clark."
"The authors provide many practical examples that contradict this claim, such as HBO, which is raising the quality of their offerings precisely to fight a 30%–50% piracy rate."
"We quantify the impact of different assistance processes on trust, trustworthiness and channel performance, and identify the underlying drivers of those impacts."
"and an introductory note by T. C. Koopmans [Koopmans, T. C. 1960."
"We discuss these findings in relation to previous literature."
"An implication of this finding is that a consumer may rationally behave as if she likes a larger assortment even if the assortment is enlarged by adding products the consumer has no interest in."
"The findings of the current study extend the results of previous studies on information format into the domain of graphical displays."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"We consider a deterministic, single product, discrete review, finite time horizon inventory problem, called the multiple set-up cost problem."
"Popular risk measures such as variance and value-at-risk have been found inadequate because we now give more importance to properties such as monotonicity, convexity, translation invariance, positive homogeneity, and law invariance."
"Flexible capacity provides a firm with the ability to respond to a wide variety of future demand outcomes, but at the expense of the increased cost of acquiring flexible manufacturing capacity, as compared with dedicated or nonflexible capacity."
"Greater risky allocations in the risk tool condition are associated with decreased risk perception, increased confidence in the risky fund, and a lower estimation of the probability of a loss."
"In a recent article [Teichroew, D., A. A. Robichek, M. Montalbano."
"The Effect of Information Technology–Enabled Flexibility on Formation and Market Value of Alliances (p. 207)Ali Tafti, Sunil Mithas, M. S. KrishnanHow can information technology (IT) affect the likelihood of success of alliances and joint ventures?"
"The model shows that for any given level of expected returns, the optimal portfolio depends on two quantities: relative ambiguity across assets and the standard deviation of the expected return estimate for each asset."
"Four antecedents, it is argued, are necessary precursors for a firm to capture rents from innovation."
"A fast fashion system combines quick response production capabilities with enhanced product design capabilities to both design “hot” products that capture the latest consumer trends and exploit minimal production lead times to match supply with uncertain demand."
"This paper was accepted by Peter Wakker, decision analysis."
"In recent years, researchers and practitioners are paying increasing attention to the phenomenon of manufacturing strategy."
"It studies for the first time the ownership policies of investors of a single home country in a single host country, thus keeping variations within home and host countries constant."
"By applying brokerage degree to topics, I provide evidence that access to knowledge flows embodied in scientists further away can account for a large proportion of the identified heterogeneity effect."
"Management Sci.7 379–392.)"
"Among other things, it is shown theoretically and empirically that in equilibrium all networks broadcast commercial breaks at the same time."
"If information is soft and therefore, nonverifiable, the principal cannot attribute blame to the agent or the successor."
"It also predicts the global business cycle."
"gave an algorithm for minimizing the number of late jobs in a one machine sequencing problem."
"Soc."
"The research reported is an attempt to discover to what extent the theory of self-regulating systems applies to human organizations in general and to one industrial plant in particular."
"Our results highlight the limitations of only relying on end-product inspection to deter EMA."
"We find that television advertising for financial services brands increases both the number of related Google searches and searchers' tendency to use branded keywords in place of generic keywords."
"Interpretations of these new solutions are discussed in the context of current ongoing applications."
"The insight for management: Adult hypertension and diabetes can be minimized by focusing childhood obesity screening and treatment on older adolescents, but the optimal childhood obesity screening policies are as yet unclear."
"This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"We also find that levels of price dispersion depend importantly on the measures employed."
"February) 25–32.)."
"They have a common basis of economic-utility theory and entropy-information theory."
"The model is subsequently illustrated with a case study of air traffic control provision in Western Europe, in which it is shown that substantial changes in the regulation are required in order to create a more cost efficient sector with increased capacity."
"Our results demonstrate the importance of social media data and value from hybrid strategies that combine econometrics and machine learning when conducting forecasts with new big data sources."
"Recognition of this affinity between MLE and log utility begs the wider methodological question of whether different decision makers benefit in different degrees from different probabilities."
"We argue that, in order to enhance the rigor of ‘theory testing’, the field studies must be complemented by laboratory experiments where the conditions stipulated by the assumptions of the theory can be systematically imposed and/or relaxed."
"The methods described can readily be implied on most computers and can result in significant cost savings."
"Information regarding the optimal solution is obtained using the reporting and graphics capabilities of the planning language."
"Each job is subjected to a test after completing the regular operation at the bottleneck."
"The first model reflects most existing dispatch systems in which patrol units are assigned to specific beats."
"This phenomenon is economically and statistically meaningful."
"A preregistered study (n = 1,809) shows that, compared with round asking prices, precise prices lead to higher counteroffers in a buyer’s market but to lower counteroffers in a seller’s market."
"By contrast, in environments in which women are disadvantaged in the selection process, we observe a higher approval of quotas as well as higher effort levels and higher wages."
"One may infer that with higher average quality, higher prices or higher total revenues might ensue."
"Current DFM practices encourage the minimization of the number of parts in a design through the physical integration of several geometric features in the same part."
"In the presence of such a plan, a base warranty is offered only when the manufacturer is very cost-efficient in providing a warranty relative to the retailer."
"Using administrative data for high-priority calls in Calgary, Alberta, we estimate how ambulance travel times depend on distance."
"The authors explore both the decision to request to “cut” and the decision whether to grant or reject the request."
"We compare revenues, capacity, and ticket prices just before and just after transitions of top cast members."
"In this paper, we propose a new method for combining forecasts which attempts to overcome this imbalance."
"The obligations of all firms within the system are determined simultaneously in a fashion consistent with the priority of debt claims and the limited liability of equity."
"They also suggest taking a sequential approach to multimarket product launch, launching first in smaller markets before larger ones."
"Although the importance of the interdisciplinary approach to the study of business is well recognized as a means of exploring and applying the knowledge and methodology of social and behavioral science to business activity, the surface has barely been scratched as far as our knowledge of the determinants of business policy and action is concerned."
"As a consequence, technology transfer may create competition in the local market."
"Based upon actual studies on current complex military systems, an attempt is made to gather into a cohesive form those concepts characterizing the operational support field (defined as the process having the objective of keeping system availability at acceptable levels)."
"Is it a matter of faith or of enterprise?"
"For first-come, first-served systems, our approach yields a mixed-integer programming formulation."
"This increase was attenuated when hospitals were regulated by the Recovery Audit Program."
"However, there has been a growing interest in the use of proactive service when a less urgent customer may become urgent while waiting."
"Since the end of World War II, the single most outstanding development in the world of business has been the economic renaissance of the Free World."
"The standard assumption in social learning environments is that agents learn from others through choice outcomes."
"This indicates the behavior is determined by parties above brand managers in the firm."
"Also included are heuristic decision rules which backtrack in an attempt to locate an improved solution, and decision rules which probabilistically search for improved solutions."
"This policy achieves higher rewards than margin-greedy and Lagrangian policies and yields insights into how a supplier can effectively manage customer memories to its advantage."
"Safety stock may serve to avert some or most of these emergency production runs."
"The distribution cost of a delivery shipment consists of a fixed charge and a variable cost proportional to the total distance of the route taken by the shipment."
"A linear model is presented to aid in developing answers to such questions as the following: (1) What effect will any given demand forecast have on capacity plans, (2) what will be the effect of an expected change in ownership costs, (3) if prices for leased capacity increase by some given amount, how will plans and costs be affected, (4) what is the sensitivity of decisions and costs to forecast error?"
"Prior to the study."
"Participants were much more averse to delay for unimodal than cross-modal decisions."
"In this paper, we consider the design of a synchronous, unpaced flow line where workers operate at different skill levels and overtime is used, if necessary, to meet a daily production quota."
"The insight for management: Be careful using limited supply information tactics to entice a quick sale; credibility can be lost with little influence on behavior or net sales."
"When people cannot see that they are in last place, the behavioral effects of last-place aversion are nullified; and when they can see that they are not in last place, the tendency to renege is greatly diminished."
"The authors suggest how a firm should effectively manage such open-ended design contests by examining the relationship among problem specification, award structure, and breadth of solution space searched by outside agents."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"The exact procedure uses characteristics of the optimal solution to reduce the model to a series of knapsack-type problems."
"A procedure is described for obtaining a schedule which costs less than the given upper bound."
"This paper shows that liquidity conditions are important determinants of the predictability of earnings."
"Our findings are promising because optimizing over sparse data is often a challenge."
"Critique of Naylor, T. H., J. M. Finger."
"Moreover, at each step of the algorithm an additional feasible solution may be generated for comparison with the best solution found previously."
"We show that when investors review their consumption and investment plans infrequently at different points in time with interim information flows, the standard consumption-based capital asset pricing model (CCAPM) will continue to hold only at those points in time when all investors review their plans."
"Some environments constrain the information that managers and decision makers can observe."
"Study of these three models enables us to understand the relationships between capacity, inventory, and information at the supplier level, as well as how they are affected by the retailer’s (S − s) values and end-item demand distribution."
"The existence of both the one-core and the bargaining set are studied and these concepts are compared with two other well known solution concepts—the core and the Condorcet solution."
"We investigate if and how monetary incentives and expectations of social approval or disapproval from the public, and their interactions, affect an employee’s decision to blow the whistle when the social damage from the reported misbehavior is more or less salient."
"This framework organizes criteria of effectiveness into four models—rational goal, open systems, human relations, and internal processes models."
"It is hoped that by suggesting these clarifications and modifications, this note will make more clear the full value of TRM's basic contributions."
"A linear decision rule for production and employment scheduling."
"A new automated system designed on the basis of these properties which utilizes feedback control and pattern recognition concepts is presented."
"This paper reports on the advantages of prescribing computer programs such that they have no arbitrary sequence constraints and can be segmented into independent subjobs which can be processed by one component of a computer, for example, an input device."
"The purpose of this paper is to review various opinions and differences of opinion which have been expressed concerning that aspect of research referred to as “implementation.”"
"This paper is concerned with two topics: (1) the development of mathematical models for several simple inventory situations, and (2) an industrial application of a mathematical model of inventory."
"These findings also shed light on “the genesis of strategic groups,” a phenomenon that is not yet well understood."
"A vehicle rented at one location can be returned to any other location."
"This paper examines how the enforceability of noncompete covenants affects the creation, growth, and survival of spinouts and other new entrants."
"The growth and viability of these markets critically depend on the underlying incentives."
"We also finnd that, after controlling for industry, the influence of public research on industrial R&D is disproportionately greater for larger firms as well as start-ups."
"It replaces two basic variables by two non-basic variables at each iteration."
"A brief description of what I mean by rationality is followed by a tentative definition of “degrees of rationality.”"
"Our model implies that such a collective illusion is persistent."
"It is also shown that in a certain sense the Chebyshev problem is equivalent to the concave programming problem."
"This approach uses ideas from computer science about inheritance and from coordination theory about managing dependencies."
"One conclusion is that the set thus generated need not be unique in cases of “pathological” degeneracy."
"A basic conceptual structure is presented, and a detailed example is used to illustrate the methodology for optimal regulation setting."
"This paper shows that the widely appearing “marginal cost” formulations of the dynamic, periodic review, stochastic cash balance problem are equivalent to a “total cost” formulation, as long as the holding, shortage cost, and “closing of account” functions are constructed correctly."
"For (Q, r) policies we obtain in closed form a distribution-free solution for Q and r, and upper bounds on the optimal long run average cost and on the optimal batch size."
"In this paper we describe the mean number of busy servers as a function of time in an Mt/G/∞ queue (having a nonhomogeneous Poisson arrival process) with a sinusoidal arrival rate function."
"The model assumes that production is determined for all the items at the beginning of the production period."
"Then, depending on the observability and contractibility of the call center's effort, we propose two contracts that can coordinate both staffing and effort."
"This is a report about this conference."
"Using quasi-experimental data on showroom openings by WarbyParker.com, the leading and iconic online-first eyewear retailer, we find that showrooms: (1) increase demand overall and in the online channel as well; (2) generate operational spillovers to the other channels by attracting customers who, on average, have a higher cost-to-serve; (3) improve overall operational efficiency by increasing conversion in a sampling channel and by decreasing returns; and (4) amplify these demand and operational benefits in dealing with customers who have the most acute need for the firm’s products."
"Robustness is a key criterion for evaluating alternative decisions under conditions of deep uncertainty."
"We apply robust optimization to this problem extending the inventory policy to allow for an adaptive, nonanticipatory shipment policy."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1967, 256 pp.,"
"For this specific example we estimate travel time statistics for both dispatch models and discuss manpower reductions and tradeoffs among different travel time measures."
"It will be our purpose to derive formulas for the determination of the order size and of the reordering point."
"proposed a dynamic programming algorithm for determining joint ordering policies for a class of items with EOQ-like demands and holding costs and “general order cost functions.”"
"The effective administration of this policy promotes morale and reduces attrition."
"Self-interested customers compete with each other (by arriving sufficiently early) to the extent that much of the potential benefit is dissipated through high waiting costs before time 0."
"Model implications are verified using two empirical studies: (a) a longitudinal experiment (simulating markets with variety-seeking consumers and inertial consumers) and (b) market data on promotion usage."
"These results are robust across model specifications and controls for past returns and news arrival."
"This paper was accepted by Stefan Scholtes, healthcare management."
"A revised definition of subproblem, therefore, an optimal criterion of the large-scaled program, is also given."
"The authors suggest that we tend to make giving a habit only if it hurts."
"Successive stages of dealing in a commodity are in general required on account of any of the following considerations: a) an activity may need to be undertaken at a different scale—i.e., plant size—than that at which a preceding or a succeeding activity needs to be conducted; b) changes in the combinations of commodities may be required from one stage to another; or c) information and contacts need to be mobilized in order to connect disparate groups of actors in the complex of activities."
"We need a different kind of deterministic choice rationale, a new paradigm, capable of explaining and predicting those changes, intransitivities and inconsistencies of the individual choice behavior for which we currently have only a stochastic explanation."
"It was also found that majority of important and crucial information to solve technical problems were transferred free of charge from abroad through informal mechanisms rather than formal collaboration with foreign firms."
"In particular, the empirical results suggest that technologically innovative firms already have relatively more agreements which are likely to preempt transfer of their tacit technological knowledge to their foreign partners."
"Although previous scholars have examined the value of virtual communities to customers, in this study we investigate the role of a firm's efforts in cultivating trust and harvesting value for themselves via the virtual communities that they sponsor."
"The presence of environmental factors, scale economies, and cost per unit for each of the candidate incentive types also must be accounted for."
"Individuals often use several different strategies such as the expected value rule, conjunctive rule, and elimination-by-aspects, to make decisions."
"A problem in the study of production smoothing leads to the problem of minimizing a linear form  subject to constraints of the type xi ≧ 0, ."
"Three alternative spatial price policies are considered: (i) uniform mill pricing, in which the same price is charged to the clients at the plant door, (ii) uniform delivered pricing, in which clients pay the same delivered price irrespective of their locations, and (iii) spatial discriminatory pricing, which is such that the firm sets client-specific prices based on their locations."
"In this paper, we show that this intuition (1) is true for risk aversion but (2) is not necessarily true for ambiguity aversion."
"Paris: Dunod, 1962, 86 NF, 574 pp—reviewed by E. J. Gumbel;—Programmed Instruction in PERT/CPM, Newburyport, Massachusetts: Entelek Inc., 1962, $27.50, 159 pp—reviewed by Raoul J. Freeman;—Gregory, R. H. and Van Horn, R. L. Automatic data-processing systems: principles and procedures, second edition."
"In particular we hypothesized: (I) that alignment of agency structure (formal lines of authority) with environmental structure (relationships between clients) will significantly affect organizational performance; and (II) that organizational performance will be highest when all clients with mutual interests (competitive and complementary) are served by a single division of the agency."
"Building on recent work, we provide a coherent framework for constructing DFS portfolios where we explicitly model the behavior of other DFS players."
"This paper shows that testing by a regulator crowds out testing by competitors, and can reduce firms’ efforts to comply with the product standard."
"When designing a sourcing strategy in practice, a key task is to determine the average order rates placed to each source because that affects cost and supplier management."
"This filter is called the reference filter."
"failure"
"The value of this breadth is in conveying the shape of the entire research landscape."
"paper) $6.00 per volume;—Wagner, Harvey M., Principles of Operations Research with Applications to Managerial Decisions."
"However, this does not necessarily reflect widespread “learning by hiring.”"
"An empirical illustration of the model is also presented."
"For these series the adaptive representation of the optimal forescats will contain an infinite number of terms, and thus, in terms of the original motivation of adaptive forecasting, be less than helpful."
"Recent applications include dynamic assortment design, Internet advertising, dynamic pricing, and the control of queues."
"In addition, the control problem is transformed into an approximate programming problem."
"Two major aspects of the difficulty of implementing O.R. results are described: first, the difficulty in assessing the cost of implementation; and secondly, difficulties in successful performance of this phase."
"Five assumptions, which seem reasonable for the aggregation, are postulated, and it is shown the group cardinal utility function which is implied must be a linear combination of the individual cardinal utility functions."
"In a divisor-based method for biproportional apportionment, the problem is solved by computing appropriate row and column divisors, and by rounding the quotients."
"The problem discussed herein is a real problem, but in order to protect the interests of the company which sponsored this particular study, the entire report is paraphrased, and numbers such as quantities and dollars are deliberately changed."
"We offer a taxonomy of set-based and relation-based indexing structures, a suite of detailed examples illustrating this taxonomy, and a number of specific principles (some arguable and some not) for incorporating indexing structures into modeling languages."
"The latter effort typically covers various layers in the organizations, both at the division (branch) and headquarters (HQ).Common sense may suggest that the more limited capital resources are, the larger should be the set of explored opportunities, and the more careful (centralized) should the decision making process be."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"This research studies how the allocation of inventory risk (via these three types of wholesale price contracts) impacts supply chain efficiency (the ratio of the supply chain's profit to its maximum profit)."
"The relative accuracy of the forecasts varied according to the length of the period being forecasted and the characteristics of the data."
"Subsequent experiments are in progress using the game."
"In a series of experiments, we find that the modified algorithm does a better job in weighting informed forecasters than the original algorithm and show that individuals who are correct more often on similar decision problems contribute more to the final decision than other forecasters."
"The results and comparative statics analysis contribute to our understanding of interactions between mandatory reporting and voluntary disclosure and demonstrate a novel benefit to setting accounting standards that mandate imperfectly informative reports."
"Cost uncertainty acts like a “fog” that lessens the destructive effect of price competition when products are close substitutes, and thus increases expected profits."
"This paper was accepted by Stefan Scholtes, healthcare management."
"We find that when advertisers are heterogeneous in their valuations for reaching consumers, the switching-induced inefficiency leads lower-value advertisers to advertise on a limited set of publishers, reducing the effective demand for advertising and thus depressing prices."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"This raises the question of whether the lack of personal interaction induces individuals to exploit informational asymmetries."
"Such a collapse should be prevented if at all possible."
"This paper discusses two popular policies used by housing authorities to assign applicants to housing projects: first available unit and priority assignment policies."
"Three components of learning cost are distinguished and analyzed separately."
"Our results demonstrate that the presence of products remanufactured and sold by the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) can reduce the perceived value of new products by up to 8%."
"To assess if the hype is warranted, we use data from the film industry in simulation experiments that contrast econometric approaches with tools from the predictive analytics literature."
"It is well known that manufacturing operations can affect the environment, but hardly any research explores whether the natural environment shapes manufacturing operations."
"The existence of an optimum reorder range is proved, and a computational technique is demonstrated with the help of a machine-interference type queueing model."
"The average treatment effect of the team incentive on sales is 1.5 percentage points, which does not differ significantly from zero."
"b) Both Master's and Doctoral programmes with little or no course work and in which the merits of the student are almost exclusively judged on his ability in research."
"Two important typologies were used in this study, one stressing strategic type, the other, strategy-making mode."
"Our results show that name-based signals can explain up to three-quarters of the difference in publication rates between high- and low-status authors."
"Managers with biased views may issue PSD because they consider this form of debt to be mispriced."
"Market value and capital recovery are commonly suggested “methods” of depreciation."
"In order to arrive at a final conclusion it is essential to determine whether the scientific method is as applicable and valuable in the managerial field as it has proven to be in the physical sciences."
"On the optimality of generalized (s, S) policies."
"We study the design of sequential procurement strategies that integrate stochastic and strategic information."
"failure"
"We fully characterize the market conditions under which social logins are offered and adopted, and when the adoption is actually profitable for the CPs."
"To understand the management process—the allocation of these resources—that takes place in such organizations the following points are crucial: (1) The technology-based organization generally has many “managements” that pursue goals relevant to their specialties (e.g. engineering or manufacturing). ("
"Hence, via its initial price, the firm not only influences its revenue but also controls the quality information flow over time."
"Every firm has a business model, which is the collection of strategic decisions that determine how the firm generates a sustainable enterprise through the creation of enough value (its supply model) and the extraction of a sufficient portion of that value (its revenue model)."
"Seattle, Washington: University of Washington Graduate School of Business Administration, 1970, 620 pp.,"
"Alternate policies for controlling the growth of a city were examined with a simulation model consisting of four sectors: national services, local services, manufacturing, and population."
"We then formulate a stochastic dynamic program for the ATP assembly system that embeds the Markov chain model as a short-term forecast for pseudo orders."
"Our results also highlight the importance of alternative revenue streams and provide insights for firms grappling with issues of channel choice as well as integration and divestiture."
"Deciding which items to include in a sales catalog and how much space should be allocated to each item is a major planning problem facing many large retailers and catalog firms."
"And while we like to think that our enlightened modern contemporaries move in a smooth and continuous transition in adopting major scientific advances, our experience shows repeatedly that they do not."
"2006."
"We also show that an improvement in the average cost efficiency in the market can lower the consumer surplus."
"This paper was accepted by Karl Diether, finance."
"Our results suggest that it may be in the interest of both business and society for managers to prioritize internal responsible operations initiatives to achieve both top- and bottom-line benefits while mitigating social and environmental harms."
"If this is the case, the decision maker must somehow combine the distributions assessed by the experts and form a single distribution to be used as an input to a formal Bayesian analysis."
"This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"Under some conditions, the industry partitions: the largest firms hire executives on contracts tolerant of myopia; smaller firms ensure myopia is ruled out."
"Given a group composed of N individuals and given that each has rated all of the alternatives using a cardinal utility function, the problem is to aggregate these to obtain a group cardinal utility function for evaluating each alternative."
"Connecticut and other states not in compliance with federal air quality standards are required to implement a motor vehicle inspection program to test vehicles for pollutants—hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide."
"In addition, because the resulting objective function approximation is separable, this approach permits for certain problem classes a decomposition that may be exploited for parallel computation."
"failure"
"The variables relevant to a smooth transformation of flows and their inter-relationships are explored."
"We study how industry clockspeed, internal firm factors, such as product development, production, and inventory costs, and competitive factors determine a firm's optimal new-product introduction timing and product-quality decisions."
"Last, under production postponement, the firm can take advantage of the way that social influence results in demand herding and reduce product varieties by reacting to preorder information."
"Management Sci.32 499–510.)"
"We discuss how correlations can be assessed using techniques that are familiar to decision analysts, and we report the results of an empirical study of the accuracy of the assessment methods."
"Collectively these activities may be called computational and the procedure required to carry them out may be called an algorithm."
"I conducted a field experiment in which low-income individuals were randomly offered a new installment-savings commitment account."
"The decision support and design science research stream studies the application of computers in decision support, control, and managerial decision making."
"When conducting a search for new ideas to pursue, cluster similar ideas first to reduce wasted effort from redundant evaluation efforts, and focus on the ideas with a common theme, which tend to generate the most value."
"The control problem is sketched for three characteristic types of large organizations: large corporations, governments in their budgetary aspects, and economic systems as a whole."
"Most of the applications of this theoretical framework assume that the psychological utility functions representing such preferences are common knowledge."
"Consequently, this report attempts to summarize the “state of the art” on the basis of that conference (The report is based in part on a verbal summary at the close of the panel discussions by a committee which consisted of A. Orden, L. Wheaton Smith, Jr., and H. H. Cauvet.)."
"Whereas some of these links help users easily navigate the site, others are typically used to provide targeted recommendations based on the available user profile."
"First it is shown that with predetermined service times the total time required to process n dissimilar items through k dissimilar stations does not change when the order of the stations and the order of the items is reversed."
"This paper studies how firms restructure their relational contracts in the face of permanent shocks to the value of their relationships."
"Our results support the views of cognitive theorists, who argue that decision style is an important determinant of behavior."
"They examine the relationship between a hospital's level of specialization in cardiovascular care and the quality of its clinical performance on cardiovascular patients and find that focus has a positive effect on quality performance."
"The results contribute to our understanding of the role of ownership type on the cost of capital."
"A natural place to evaluate the impact of this risk on liquidity management is the electricity industry, because producing firms face substantial price volatility in wholesale markets."
"$17.50;—Dubes, Richard C., The Theory of Applied Probability."
"The actual review of the literature distinguishes between studies conducted with nonexperts and with experts."
"$17.00—reviewed by Merrill Flood;—The Theory of Games and Linear Programming, S. Vajda."
"An algorithm for searching such schedules for an optimal one is given where the bounds on production are −∞, 0 or ∞. A more efficient algorithm assumes further that inventory bounds satisfy “exact requirements.”"
"Furthermore, a uniformly more optimistic assessment of the opponent's reservation price (in the special sense of stochastic dominance) induces a less truthful offer from the individual."
"In particular, there are conditions under which the optimal equilibrium strategy for the platforms is to allow the use of ad blockers (rather than using an ad-block wall or charging a fee for viewing ad-free content)."
"There is also evidence to suggest that large firms experience negative stock price performance in the second year before winning quality awards, which is followed by a year of positive performance."
"We find that across all domains and all sizes of events, online diffusion is characterized by surprising structural diversity; that is, popular events regularly grow via both broadcast and viral mechanisms, as well as essentially all conceivable combinations of the two."
"The principal structure exploited to date is that of a tree, i.e., a connected network without cycles."
"As such, we examine the conditions under which GCs may stray from their primary role as gatekeepers."
"Our analysis illustrates the incomplete-information approach to psychological games and can help to organize experimental results in the Trust Game."
"We find that small variations in message content can have a significant impact on both recipients’ purchase and referral behaviors."
"A central issue in new product development and planning is the market timing/entry decision."
"This change is motivated by the appealing theoretical properties of ES as a measure of risk and the poor properties of VaR. In particular, VaR fails to control for “tail risk.”"
"These two state variables, together with the shape of the value function, drive the properties of the model."
"Under a revenue-sharing contract, a retailer pays a supplier a wholesale price for each unit purchased, plus a percentage of the revenue the retailer generates."
"This paper was accepted by Joshua Gans, business strategy."
"Using sales of previous albums along with information known prior to the launch of a new album, the model constructs informed priors, yielding prelaunch sales forecasts, which are out-of-sample predictions."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, information systems."
"Nevertheless, the trade-off between efficiency and incentives need not exist: It is possible to design an allocation policy that is efficient and also induces the servers to work quickly."
"After deriving the general model, a simplified version is solved by classical optimization techniques under various sets of assumptions that are gradually relaxed."
"Several queuing models are considered in which a job requires a number of different services."
"The method is appropriate for use in a multiple criteria framework with a discrete number of states of nature."
"We discover that top teams can attribute at least one to two wins per season to flexibility alone, generally as a result of long subchains in the infield or outfield."
"At this time, the two-phase method is the most preferred exact method for solving MOMIP problems with two criteria and binary variables."
"First the weakness of the standard back propagation neural network learning algorithm is discussed, and then a warning is issued regarding applications of artificial neural networks in the management science field."
"It is a segment of a longitudinal study and is presented in a special format, which makes it possible to present the data at all."
"We investigate the problem of determining optimal planned leadtimes in serial production systems in which the actual procurement and processing times may be stochastic."
"By incorporating heterogeneity in the likelihood of requiring an organ transplant and in organ quality, we show that, in contrast to the literature, introducing the donor-priority rule can lower social welfare because of unbalanced incentives across different types of individuals."
"First, the two fields most widely associated with planned change, organization development and planning, are increasingly addressing similar or related problems and, as a result, offer significant opportunities to contribute to the development of the other."
"How do firms respond to entry in multi-sided markets?"
"This is surprising as previous works have instead documented the presence of an opposite effect, the “gambler’s fallacy” in the U.S. lottery market."
"Moreover it is shown that several earlier results in queueing and computer modelling can be obtained simply from the results given here."
"We also give the form of an optimal policy when demands are monotone (either increasing or decreasing)."
"Recruiting for Ideas: How Firms Exploit the Prior Inventions of New Hires (p. 129)Jasjit Singh, Ajay AgrawalDo hiring firms use new recruits' prior inventions?"
"How should such retail firms modify their product assortment over time in order to maximize overall profits for a given selling season?"
"Funds that are particularly sensitive to such fluctuations have smaller managerial teams and employ managers who are more focused."
"We design and validate an information preferences scale to measure an individual’s desire to obtain or avoid information that may be unpleasant but could improve future decisions."
"Finally, this paper provides an explanation of why the market shares of firms in an industry may differ."
"Potential benefits of decomposition are specified and recommendations made on how to utilize decomposition as an approach for error control."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"After termination, the buyer and supplier each search for a new business partner."
"The insight for management: Group size plays a critical role in determining the optimal group; in small groups the most accurate type should be in the majority, whereas in large groups the type with the least within-type covariance should dominate."
"Speeding up the processing rate should reduce the material waiting to be processed."
"The authors evaluate spatial arbitrage in the wholesale automotive market by analyzing how sellers choose where to sell vehicles."
"Following the clearance of a day-ahead market, in the next period, each (renewable) firm chooses its production quantity (after observing its available supply)."
"As a result, the informed firm's drive to control information flows within the supply chain can trigger operational losses through material flow distortion."
"The purpose of the reported research is to take a step toward developing such principles for graphical information presentation formats."
"As a platform improves trust between the two sides of its market to facilitate matching and transactions, it faces an increased risk of disintermediation: with sufficient trust, the two sides may circumvent the platform to avoid the platform’s fees."
"The persistency model solved using this formulation can be used to obtain important qualitative insights to the behavior of stochastic discrete optimization problems."
"Several computer runs are conducted to test sensitivity of the results to major assumptions and goal targets."
"In addition, asymptotic expansions for the optimal policies are found as the number of observations of the demand becomes large."
"An illustrative application of the models to the allocation of new books among the branches of a public library system is presented."
"In this paper, we develop an alternative model where heterogeneity develops among firms over time (leading to a shakeout) because firms must make choices about highly interdependent productive activities where the ideal combinations cannot be easily deduced or imitated."
"By means of the functional equation technique of dynamic programming, we shall show that the computational solution can be reduced to that of the computation of a sequence of functions of one variable, in the particular problem we treat."
"The solution set is characterised in terms of fixed point solutions and partial solutions, and two improvement algorithms are given."
"This paper was accepted by Lamar Pierce, organizations."
"Two versions of the dynamic programming model are considered."
"Three modes of conflict."
"Changes in local credit supply have significant real effects in lending markets dominated by small banks, while there is no effect in other markets."
"Both groups exhibited substantial distortion of information, with little reduction for professional decisions compared to nonprofessional ones."
"We then extend these two sets of models to examine the impact of individual prevention activities and past nonconformance expenditures on defect rates."
"The unequal time division maintains the day-to-day aspect of the problem while reducing the number of periods and variables to a manageable size."
"and others have proposed that regression models derived from a manager's past behavior can serve as a basis for future managerial decisions."
"failure"
"Quasi–Monte Carlo (QMC) methods are important numerical tools in the pricing and hedging of complex financial instruments."
"It reports on two laboratory studies, in which subjects engage in data modeling to solve a complex problem."
"The DEA estimates are found to be highly related to the capacity utilization, but no such relationship was found for the translog estimates."
"The special structure of regenerative processes is exploited to derive a new point estimate with very low bias for steady state quantities of regenerative simulations."
"The organizers of this meeting have asked me to summarize the discussions of the last three days and to draw some conclusions."
"Products with high product variety are often made in a manufacturing process (or a supply chain) consisting of multiple stages, with products taking certain features or “personalities” at each stage."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship."
"In this paper, a simple model is constructed to aid a railroad management in choosing among alternative locations."
"Recent evidence casts renewed doubt on the validity of the CAPM and beta."
"The additive index is shown to have important advantages over the multiplicative index."
"Depending on the control group used, the mean outperformance ranges from 38% to 46%."
"Each member of a population of N potential customers must decide whether or not to arrive at the facility."
"Car pool systems."
"Our data provide little support for a systematic aversion to piecewise information on the aggregate level."
"Our objective in this research is to measure for this industry the effect of several factors on inventory holdings."
"Below, we list those reviewers who contributed four or more reviews in 2017.The complete list of our 2017 reviewers is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2018.3039."
"Based on the resulting price index, we conclude that art has appreciated in value by a moderate 3.97% per year, in real U.S. dollar terms, between 1957 and 2007."
"An experiment is defined as a random variable which may take some posterior probability distributions according to a marginal probability."
"Peer review of research proposals and articles is an essential element in research and development processes worldwide."
"Such temporary increases in information asymmetry are usually considered to be diversifiable or too small to impact expected stock returns."
"The method is well-suited to linearly constrained large-scale optimization, since the direction-finding problems reduce to linear programs of manageable size."
"This paper deals with two most important problems, from both practical and theoretical standpoints, arising in sequencing mixed-model assembly lines."
"We show, through simulated and real data, that, relative to methods that implicitly equate intentions and behavior, the proposed method can increase the accuracy with which purchase response models are estimated."
"Because databases having a normal distribution are seldom encountered in practice, the newly proposed approach, coined the skew-t data perturbation (STDP) method, is of great interest for database managers."
"We report on a within-subject experiment, with substantial monetary incentives, designed to test whether or not people are risk vulnerable."
"Event studies suggest that local protests played a role in motivating some of the teachers to post these requests."
"We extend the discrete-time, dynamic-system pricing model of Stidham to allow adaptive expectations in which customers predict the future price based on a convex combination of the current price and the previous prediction."
"400."
"Numerical experiments and analysis of the approximations show that increasing case throughput by increasing the probability of case completion can lead to much greater waiting-time reductions than increasing service speed."
"Delayed communication is shown to have no value if the agent's information is perfect, but can have value if it is imperfect."
"We define an auxiliary problem, which allows for existing competitive ratio and regret bounds to be seamlessly integrated."
"Derivative payoffs can still be replicated, except that this occurs at the stopping time at which the “realized cumulative squared volatility” hits a predetermined level."
"In this situation, more changes in estimates are made before work starts than reported by King."
"A Bayesian approach is then developed for determining the information value of the library's resources."
"In the first, upon termination of a vacation the server returns to the main queue and begins to serve those units, if any, that have arrived during the vacation."
"We also develop an estimation procedure for this setting based on the expectation-maximization (EM) method that jointly estimates arrival rates and choice model parameters when no-purchase outcomes are unobservable."
"We document that consistent patterns of high or low sales growth that are incongruent with underlying fundamentals are followed by significant stock price reversals."
"Theory provides competing predictions on whether informed investors immediately trade on newly generated private information."
"Elementary properties of this definition with respect to information value theory are derived as well as their practical implications."
"20(2):125–153])."
"However, because release times of cargoes at ports generally complicate the routing structure, the combined routing and scheduling problem is nontrivial."
"This paper develops a new model for studying multiechelon inventory systems with stochastic demand."
"Takeover bidders in stock-for-stock mergers have strong incentives to increase their own premerger stock prices to lower their acquisition costs."
"The market potential for each category or generation is treated as a variable rather than a constant parameter, which is typical of recently growing IT sectors such as wireless telecommunications."
"This paper explores some of the consequences of adopting a modern subjective view of probability for game theory."
"Index funds and exchange-traded funds are more likely to be omitted than actively managed funds."
"We then develop the insight that in the presence of high-probability cycles care should be taken in allocating the new transition probabilities so that the variance accumulated over these cycles does not increase without bounds."
"We investigate near-shoring a small part of the global production to local SpeedFactories that serve only the variable demand."
"First, the literature on organizational decline is reviewed by organizing a framework that summarizes arguments from varying economic and organizational perspectives that have, for the most part, developed independently."
"Second, the priority purchasing scheme tends to make the customer population worse off, whereas line-sitting can be a win–win proposition for both the service provider and the customers."
"Search and pursuit of growth possibilities is accompanied by the creation of new knowledge and new capabilities."
"The model conceptualizes the impact of customer acceptance of a direct channel, the degree to which customers accept a direct channel as a substitute for shopping at a traditional store, on supply-chain design."
"How does priming identity affect charitable giving?"
"We also develop easy-to-compute bounds, which require the evaluation of item-based backorders only."
"Worst-Case Value at Risk of Nonlinear Portfolios (p. 172)Steve Zymler, Daniel Kuhn, Berç RustemHow should one allocate assets among investment alternatives when there is sizable downside risk?"
"The multi-item joint replenishment problem is generalized to allow ordering costs to be dependent on the specific items jointly supplied."
"The sequential unconstrained minimization technique for nonlinear programming, a primal-dual method."
"Morris (Morris, P. A. 1983."
"Our model shows that it may not be optimal for quality improvement efforts to target products that have the highest defective levels, largest direct costs or consume the maximum capital resources."
"Where Marginal Cost functions are non-decreasing, optimality is achieved at the classical competitive equilibrium point."
"For example, if a large linear programming problem has a suitable block-angular structure, one of the time-saving decomposition algorithms can be used."
"One answer comes from the tendency of individuals to internalize typically successful behaviors as norms."
"The paper presents a means of attempting to account for overhead, as well as function evaluations, in evaluating unconstrained optimization techniques."
"We successfully test our approach against near-optimal algorithms (which exist for merely single-servers)."
"As a result, some Internet retailers choose to outsource inventory and back-end operations to focus on the sales/marketing aspects of e-commerce."
"A model proposes not only direct effects of functional role, status, and communication role on individual performance, but also indirect effects through individual centrality."
"Management Sci.25 329–340.)"
"In this paper, we formulate the TDP as a general integer program."
"New York: Barnes & Noble, Inc., 1969, 628 pp.,"
"We provide procedures to estimate the unknown parameters when the measurement error is either (a) Normal or (b) Exponential."
"Recent attempts to analyze organization problems in a scientific manner were stimulated by the classical economic theory of the firm (Walrus, Marshall) and by the newer theories of statistical decision functions (Neymann, Wald), the theory of games (von Neumann and Morgenstern), and the theory of communications (Wiener, Shannon)."
"We find that screening medium and high risk women is likely to be cost-beneficial."
"Following alcohol revenue for restaurants using e-coupons, we find that offering a coupon increases demand during the promotion, and to a lesser degree after the promotion, suggesting that coupons can be used to price discriminate, while an advertising effect is less obvious."
"Specific sequential plans are developed for the Environmental Protection Agency's motor vehicle certification program and are applied retrospectively to vehicles tested in the past."
"Characterizing the optimal allocation of storage space is a surprisingly subtle and complex problem."
"The adverse effect on job motivation is stronger for negative reciprocal employees born very shortly after the cutoff date of January 1, 1950, as well as for those with many unaffected colleagues, who perceive the policy change as being more unfair."
"Such rebates are typically viewed as a means of price discrimination because of partial redemption by consumers."
"In the economic systems of most industrial countries the bulk of the sales made by business concerns of any significant size is in the form of credit sales."
"Debt investors who finance buyouts, as well as buyers of private equity portfolio companies, represent the two potential sources of wealth transfers."
"failure"
"Some of these options are identified within three clusters: how much to invest in education, how to allocate that investment, and what technology and organization to use."
"The warehouse acts as a break-bulk center and does not keep any inventory."
"Our problem is to determine this point."
"New patterns of management."
"This paper considers the contributions which management science has made toward the development of a science of marketing."
"Consequently, popular advice for sellers is to set precise asking prices."
"We find that firms prefer to offer deeper promotions on products for which switching customers have stronger demand than loyal customers and/or for which the price sensitivity of demand is high for both switching and loyal customers."
"We find that sharing and transshipment of items often, but not always, reduces the overall costs of holding, shipping, and waiting for inventory."
"Our computational results confirm the importance of taking the fairness–attractiveness trade-off into account."
"The theoretical development is followed by application to a prototypical Forrester model involving a population sector interactant with a housing sector."
"We fully characterize the farms’ equilibrium adulteration behavior in both types of EMA and analyze how quality uncertainty, supply chain dispersion, traceability, and testing sensitivity (in detecting adulteration) jointly impact the equilibrium adulteration behavior."
"The authors show that, for MBA students, the best-performing group constitution is two men and one woman."
"In turn, uncovering an appropriate knapsack structure to the platform’s problem, we establish a crisp local characterization of the optimal prices and the corresponding supply response."
"This paper is concerned with the problem of resource allocation and target setting in the provision of public services."
"The proposed strategy uses predictable returns to reduce this cost."
"The proposed model is applied to prescription drug data sets in the pharmaceutical industry, and it also explicitly captures both physicians' and patients' pretrial and posttrial utilities of each drug in the therapeutic category."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"While in this case closed form analytical solutions for the option bounds are not obtained, numerical examples are presented to illustrate their strength."
"Fortunately, the algorithm can be salvaged."
"In particular, our model predicts that implementing a hypothetical policy can eliminate excessive waiting for those patients who request beds in mornings."
"As predicted by our attribute extremity hypothesis, greater attribute extremity (very high or low attribute values) resulted in shorter judgment times and less response error."
"In addition, team incentives may lead to more coworker support or to higher peer pressure and thereby, can affect the team’s social cohesion."
"We also uncover tenure and context effects, which decrease and increase the hazard rate of entrepreneurial exit, respectively."
"This paper complements existing studies by detailing the trade-offs in the centralization versus decentralization decision in light of firms' strategic use of inventories to influence supplier pricing."
"Taken together, calibration committees improve the consistency of ratings across supervisors and mitigate leniency bias, but exacerbate centrality bias."
"As the problem gets better defined, he then seeks additional information to assist his understanding of the (now) better defined problem, or to improve die solution to the problem."
"The problem considered is the location of m sources among n locations (m < n) and the assignment of the location requirements to the sources in order that the total transportation cost is minimized."
"There are already hundreds of thousands of users of planning languages and spreadsheet systems, most of whom are unfamiliar with optimization models or methods."
"Optimal stopping is the problem of deciding when to stop a stochastic system to obtain the greatest reward, arising in numerous application areas such as finance, healthcare, and marketing."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, 1961, 394 pp.,"
"Effect of Information Feedback on Bidder Behavior in Continuous Combinatorial Auctions (p. 811)Gediminas Adomavicius, Shawn P. Curley, Alok Gupta, Pallab SanyalRecent theoretical advances have shown that combinatorial auctions—in which bidders can bid on combinations of goods—can increase the economic efficiency of a trade when goods have complementarities."
"This study measures the performance of U.S. firms initiating same-sex domestic partnership benefit (SSDPB) policies."
"In this comment, we first use a counterexample to demonstrate that the optimal contract structure proposed in section 4 of the paper [Sun P, Tian F (2018) Optimal contract to induce continued effort."
"x + 645."
"Involving suppliers deep in the supply chain is critical for the success of environmental and social responsibility (ESR) initiatives."
"We formulate and solve an appropriate mathematical model based on one-for-one inventory policies in which a replenishment order is placed as soon as the customer withdraws an item."
"A planning model is discussed and an application is made to the planning of tire production (both long and short term)."
"This paper was accepted by Martin Lariviere, operations management."
"In addition, for larger size problems that cannot be solved exactly, the tabu search algorithm outperforms the best local search heuristic currently available."
"In general, the decision calculus model had a beneficial impact on a broad range of decision quality measures, particularly profit achievement."
"In particular, the study shows that the probability that an invention will be commercialized through firm formation is influenced by its importance, radicalness, and patent scope."
"The study showed the constraints entering into the strategies of managers in a specific situation, and the analysis of these strategies suggested how organizational goals were woven into the managers' decisions."
"We investigate the properties of the profit allocations that could emerge in a decentralized supply chain."
"More than just romantic relationships, apologies are part of a social institution designed to restore frayed relationships not only in personal life but also in corporate domains such as product recalls, medical malpractice litigation, political malfeasance, and the like."
"A constrained nonlinear program is dervied for which a local optimal solution is discovered employing the SUMT program."
"Thus, we suggest that general model comparison, model selection, and model probability estimation be performed using the Schwarz criterion, which can be implemented (given the model log likelihoods) using only a hand calculator."
"Competing to Be Certain (But Wrong): Market Dynamics and Excessive Confidence in Judgment (p. 93)Joseph R. Radzevick, Don A. MooreHow much do consultants, engineers, and the like overpromise to make the sale?"
"This result is robust under various settings: risk-averse customers, heterogeneous customers, and horizontally differentiated products."
"We show that while subsidiary autonomy has no discernable influence on interunit communication, interpersonal relationships developed through lateral networking mechanisms such as joint work in teams, taskforces, and meetings have significant positive effects on the frequency of both subsidiary-headquarters and intersubsidiary communication."
"Initially, full and intermediate treatment participants visited the gym 51% and 29% more frequently, respectively, than control participants, but treatment effects declined over time (particularly following Thanksgiving)."
"Three quarters of hedge funds shifted their investment styles at least once over the period from January 1994 to December 2013."
"We show that a franchise contract is necessary to implement the first-best solution (similar to Harris and Raviv 1979), but is not sufficient."
"The reaction was particularly strong for smaller firms (mean abnormal returns ranged from low of 1.16% to a high of 1.26%), and for firms that won awards from independent organizations such as Malcolm Baldrige, Philip Crosby, etc. ("
"Long-lasting, exclusive, and synergy-creating bank relationships are associated with higher credit volume and lower loan rates."
"This paper presents two algorithms for computing optimal lot sizes in such systems with known time-varying demand."
"The paper first highlights the difference between the two relaxations through some relevant complexity results."
"Our analyses indicate that complex organizational designs have drawbacks and design is often not the dominant factor affecting performance."
"Data from a cross-sectional sample of 120 completed development projects for assembled goods is analyzed via a two-stage hierarchical moderated regression approach."
"Post-sample forecasting accuracy comparisons show the superiority of the proposed approach over the most accurate methods in the M-Competition."
"We also provide insights into the impact of various problem parameters on the make-to-order versus make-to-stock decisions using a computational study."
"To solve this problem, we develop an optimization algorithm for smaller problems and a heuristic algorithm for larger problems, which we use to investigate the sensitivity of total expected cost to changes in the price of overtime, hiring practices, worker differences, and the overall amount of work time variability."
"In this respect inspection is hazardous."
"Among them are to survey user needs and give them a larger role in model development, to design models capable of an expanded range of tasks and of running on personal computers, and to include performance evaluation and feedback in all model-building projects."
"However, several frictions prevent traders from doing this, including lack of information about prices and difficulty trading across locations."
"Field data are difficult to obtain and easily confounded by extraneous variables."
"Algorithms are also developed for computing important performance measures in these, and more general, birth-and-death models."
"Editorial and letters to the editor regarding marketing science."
"Although relative performance schemes are pervasive in organizations, reliable empirical data on induced sabotage behavior are almost nonexistent."
"A closure in a directed graph is a subset of nodes, all of whose successors belong to the subset."
"Players choose rules based on their best guesses of others' rules and use historical plays to improve their guesses."
"A notable feature of these series is the presence of both an intraweek and an intraday seasonal cycle."
"In the presence of model misspecification, numerical experiments show that the robust Gittins index policy not only outperforms the classical Gittins index policy, but also substantially reduces the variability in the out-of-sample performance."
"It places systems analysis in the context of an overall systems approach intended to develop and implement the best possible system configuration."
"Each member has a preference relation on the set of all alternatives."
"Principals decide how this revenue is allocated between themselves and their agents."
"Interdependencies arise among these features because of a basic, general tension."
"The estimation results show that changes in human resources practices do not significantly affect firms' output elasticities with respect to ICT, non-ICT capital, and labor, although most of the point estimates of the individual output elasticities and of the control variables for observable firm heterogeneity are larger if workplace reorganization is realized."
"How much money should be invested at time t0 at an interest rate of I for a time T such that the probability of the funds required “K(T)” exceeding those available “X(T)” equals at most p. That is P{K(T) > X(T)} ≤ p, where X(T) = X(t0) exp{ I(T − t0)}."
"Moreover, we demonstrate that our approach is significantly more efficient and yields better solutions than the best heuristic method reported to date."
"eds."
"Corporate Elite's Small World and the Effectiveness of Boards of Directors (p. 236)Bang Dang NguyenDoes the Rolodex matter?"
"Most online feedback mechanisms rely on voluntary reporting of privately observed outcomes."
"The existing academic literature has predominantly studied factors that drive crowd investments and whether crowdfunding predicts market success."
"Tr."
"We identify eight types of ESWOM by linguistically interpreting web scrapings of millions of social media posts on 38 corporate brands for the 2007–2015 period."
"The problem is cast as an optimal control model in which the goal is to choose the timing and extent of maintenance that must be expended to maximize system value."
"The purpose of this note is to suggest some improvements in current statistical analysis of computer-simulated data."
"This should help in the reconciliation of the differences found in the field studies."
"Although there is some redundancy in the ideas generated by aggregating parallel efforts, the authors find that this redundancy is quite small in absolute terms in their data. ("
"We highlight the significant impact of auto-correlated and nonstationary demand series, which are prevalent in practice yet challenging to analyze, on the economic benefit of reshoring."
"We first document a baseline fact: a significant proportion of tier-2 suppliers are shared by tier-1 suppliers."
"failure"
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, behavioral economics."
"The problem arises in the military departments largely in connection with logistics and throughout non-military governmental and nongovernmental operations."
"The effects of variation in time value are briefly discussed in the context of the model."
"Using a large sample of mutual fund managers, the authors find an approximately U-shaped relation between a manager's risk choices and prior performance relative to her peers."
"Their effective exploitation requires diversity of firms' technological activities greater than that strictly required for current output.2."
"This paper was accepted by Joshua Gans, business strategy."
"The formulation of that problem requires the simultaneous consideration of the scheduling and sequencing aspect."
"This approach is especially sensitive to potentially unrealized joint gains."
"We consider two variants of this problem."
"We have chosen the latter course and begin this paper by attempting to develop a workable taxonomy."
"do not account for possible response bias or for the fact, as pointed out in the original paper, that the three respondent groups were asked somewhat different questions."
"This index lends itself to an intuitive interpretation of how to balance holding costs, service times, abandonments, and transitions between customer classes."
"Data obtained from monthly Gallup/UBS surveys from 1998 to 2007 and from a special supplement to the Michigan Surveys of Consumer Attitudes and Behavior, run in 22 monthly surveys between 2000 and 2005, are used to analyze stock market beliefs and portfolio choices of household investors."
"The authors examine the strategic interactions between a technology firm that introduces a new subsystem and the respective end-product manufacturers (“integrators”)."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"Comparison of optimal solutions to these models on a small example, using actual oil-company data, demonstrates the importance of taking risk aversion and probabilistic dependence into account, and provides insight into the adequacy of independence and conditional dependence as approximations for dependence."
"Unfortunately, I am afraid that the article is somewhat misleading in some regards, and may tend to confuse some readers who are not familiar with the literature in this area."
"All three papers also show nonparallel pretreatment trends on outcomes or core covariates."
"The statement below attempts to summarize the purpose and aims of the OR/Systems Section of the Department of Industrial Administration in the University of Aston in Birmingham, and to relate these to present and planned graduate courses."
"Comparison of the expected cost of the optimal design to the expected cost of Shewhart's design shows an increase in expected cost of only 0.4 to 8.2 percent for the latter design."
"In the case of cyclic demand these turnpike horizon points usually occur every half cycle."
"The question of the empirical application of the indicators of the hierarchical dimensions in turn leads to a consideration of the problems of index construction, analysis of change over time, analysis of causes and consequences of variation in degree of organizational hierarchy, and of comparative research, whether cross-national, cross-organizational, or experimental in character."
"They find that the attention that sellers pay to the distribution of a vehicle is negatively related to the probability that it is arbitraged."
"failure"
"Met medewerking van L. Vansina, S. Huybrecht en R. Hogenraad."
"failure"
"Response distributions and degrees of overconfidence were also affected by payoffs."
"Judgments about simple gambles, such as those used in utility assessment, can generate sizable and systematic bias."
"We use the property rights approach to argue that complexity in product design and vertical integration of production are complements: that in-house production is more attractive when product complexity is high, as firms seek to capture the benefits of their investment in the skills needed to coordinate development of complex designs."
"failure"
"As an intermediate step prior to making policy decisions, a single model is typically selected and used to guide subsequent decisions."
"We therefore apply the Kernel density-estimation technique and demonstrate that for firms with organizational change, the entire labor productivity distribution shifts significantly out to the right if workplace reorganization takes place, indicating that workplace reorganization induces an increase in labor productivity that is attributable to complementarities between the various input factors and workplace reorganization."
"Assuming the inventory/replenishment decisions are made centrally for the system, we compare the performance of our model with those that do not use information in their decision making, namely, systems that use installation stock policies via a numerical experiment."
"In large retail outlets such as department stores, credit sales become even more important and the number of accounts receivable becomes exceedingly large."
"This paper presents an empirical approach to prediction intervals that assumes very little."
"For each of the models, we formulate the problem that determines the optimal promotion and production decisions so that the total net profit is maximized as a mixed integer program."
"Computational results are also reported."
"We find that proxies for capital market incentives (contracting incentives) are more highly associated with firms’ disclosure of non-GAAP EPS in annual earnings announcements (proxy statements)."
"We analyze the impact of credit default swaps (CDSs) trading on firm investment, long-term debt financing, and valuation."
"Diether KB, Malloy CJ, Scherbina A (2002) Differences of opinion and the cross section of stock returns."
"To decide whether or not to buy one observable we must know the prices of all the observables."
"The location also has the option of placing emergency orders, characterized by a shorter lead time but higher acquisition cost, in case of imminent stockouts."
"Cambridge, Massachusetts: The M.I.T. Press (Published outside the United States by Iliffe Books Ltd., London, England), 1969, 1,369 pp.,"
"We then propose a meta dynamic pricing algorithm that learns this prior online while solving a sequence of Thompson sampling pricing experiments (each with horizon T) for N different products."
"We investigate how dynamic resource substitution in service systems impacts capacity requirements and responsiveness."
"$9.75;—Peller, Sigismund, Quantitative Research in Human Biology and Medicine."
"The authors examine the feedback patterns observed on eBay and other platforms and demonstrate how reciprocity can be managed by changes in the way feedback information flows through the system."
"We refer to this approach as AR-IDEA, because it replaces conditions on the variables with transformations of the data and thus also aligns the developments we describe in this paper with what are known as cone-ratio envelopments in DEA."
"Changes in investment within each individual subgroup yield weaker, mixed results."
"We find that although these practices indeed result in improved customer experience, they can actually result in lower consumption at the individual level."
"Numerical examples demonstrate the procedure."
"The antecedents are causal understanding; innovation team proficiency; emergence and mobilization of new competences; and creation of competitive advantages, each of which are conceptually distinct and precisely defined in the paper."
"Finally, firms with higher transient institutional ownership are less likely to guide, and their guidance is less likely to contain bad news following high-sentiment periods, indicating that managers with a short-term focus are hesitant to correct optimistic market expectations."
"An intriguing result, however, is the lack of significance of two variables which, in the U.S. case, strongly push towards full control of foreign subsidiaries."
"The authors note that if sabotage is not possible, then wage differentials based on forced rankings are more often used by management."
"The paper introduces a new theoretical lens, the signal-detection perspective, which argues that cognitive diversity amplifies the signals to the location of critical cognitive resources within the team and aids in their detection, consequently enhancing the form of team cognition that is central to team creativity."
"For each manufacturing group, the relationships between the competitive capabilities (which describe the manufacturing task), the business context (the business unit strategy), manufacturing activities (manufacturing strategy choices), and manufacturing performance measures are explored and compared."
"In this transition, the major challenge faced by financial institutions is the unavailability of simple tools for evaluation of ES forecasts (i.e., backtesting ES)."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"In particular, we show that under contracts on the percentile of delay, which are commonly used in the call center industry, this is rational behavior, at least under the approximating asymptotic regime considered in this paper."
"xi + 628 pp.,"
"Firm (or brand) level demand functions account for the contemporaneous and carry-over effects of these marketing activities, and also allow for the effects of competitor actions."
"The continuing oil crisis has created opportunities for developing sources of oil that had only been marginally economic previously."
"Significant classes of cases are singled out and special attention is devoted to the structure of the constraint matrices for these purposes."
"The reason is that the funding-maximizing policy focuses donations on more viable projects, leading to more funded projects, and, ultimately, higher realized donors’ utility."
"This work examines the process of admission to a hospital’s intensive care unit (ICU)."
"On the other hand, under a third set of reasonable axioms, the group ranking cannot be arrived at by any rules for separately combining the probabilities and combining the utilities."
"We identify all shock-IV papers in two broad data sets and reexamine three of the apparently strongest papers—Desai and Dharmapala [Desai M, Dharmapala D (2009) Corporate tax avoidance and firm value."
"This paper considers optimization problems with a nonlinear-additive objective function and a single linear constraint."
"Using detailed data from fieldwork at all mainframe manufacturers in the world to investigate our theoretical predictions, we provide evidence that larger market share firms set more aggressive stage targets, as do more resource-rich firms."
"We study how firms can use a knowledge management system to optimally leverage employee-generated know-how."
"The problem is modeled as a mixed integer linear program."
"Three different methods of fit are discussed, and a comparison with the standard assumption of a Beta distribution is made."
"These benefits decline as industry distress shortens."
"In the generation of an additional constraint or cut for integer programming introduced by Ralph Gomory, there is a certain parameter whose value is customarily chosen so that one of the original variables has a zero coefficient in the cut-equation."
"These findings persist after considering different measures of employment composition, including controls for human capital, firm performance, domestic outsourcing, and whether firms choose to build or buy software."
"Essay delivered, as a symposium paper on “Management Science Tomorrow,” before the first national meeting of the Institute of Management Sciences, Oct. 21–22, 1954."
"Our analysis shows that availability contingency clauses intensify inventory competition between retailers and reinstitutes price competition, which is otherwise eliminated by unconditional price-matching guarantees."
"Direct exchanges are preferable because the candidate receives a living-donor organ instead of the inferior cadaveric organ an indirect exchange provides."
"This model encompasses strategic behavior by both firms and consumers in a unified stochastic dynamic game in which each firm's objective is to maximize its total expected revenues, and each consumer responds according to a shopping-intensity-allocation consumer choice model."
"In this paper, we capture sophistication by studying how misinformation affects the two canonical models of the social learning literature: sophisticated (Bayesian) and naive (DeGroot) learning."
"To calibrate our modeling process we develop an object-oriented simulation model that explicitly considers various workflow interruptions."
"In the field of research and development (R&D), “state-of-the-art” project selection models are not being widely adopted."
"We define a monetary measure of distance between observed plans and optimal ones, called decisional regret."
"The authors find that “handshake agreements” (unenforceable components of a contract) establish “induced norms” that are endogenous to a relationship and that agents feel beholden to follow."
"Promotions are a critical decision for supermarket managers, who must decide the price promotions for a large number of items."
"What is shown, specifically, is that there exists a forecast horizon T such mat the optimal replacement decision for the first machine (new or existing) based on the forecast of machine technology until period T remains optimal for any longer (than T) horizon, and for that matter, the infinite horizon problem."
"We then measure the extent to which assortment, pricing, feature, display, and promotion activities affect the purchase shares of the top national brands."
"Both conditions contain risky, against-policy supplies that can be used to complete the work tasks, giving participants a choice between policy-compliant workarounds and risky, against-policy workarounds."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"We are grateful for their contributions; without them the journal could not function."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"Our contribution is threefold."
"O. R. Quart.18(1) 53–59.]."
"We show that firms with chief executive officers (CEOs) who gain general managerial skills over their lifetime of work experience produce more patents."
"Our sample includes data from 169 firms that are publicly listed in the United States and that span multiple industries."
"Analysis of the constructed model produces a posterior distribution for the quantity of interest."
"This finding is consistent with an interpretation of loss aversion as a bias in decision making driven by emotions and that these emotions are reduced when making decisions for others."
"For example, the private benefit of lavish offices is consumed over the time that the manager actually uses these offices (as compared to excess compensation or vacations, whose benefits are consumed immediately)."
"Nevertheless, having the additional option of hiring line-sitters does not always benefit customers as a whole because the demand expansion effect also induces negative congestion externalities."
"I highlight how self-selection on hard-to-measure or unobservable characteristics can bias strategy performance estimates and recommend an econometric technique that has been developed to account for this effect."
"Beyond the first year, exposure to higher peer ability during the orientation week negatively affects selection into the college’s most popular major (business administration) and final grade point average."
"The authors propose a portfolio choice model where market crashes can trigger switching into another regime with a different investment opportunity set."
"Together, our results are consistent with evidence for the store differentiation role of store brands."
"The more difficult general problem is also discussed and partially solved."
"Baltimore, Md.: University Park Press, 1968, 289 pp.,"
"The analysis appears to be the first to provide a statistical treatment of expert judgment processes for evaluating the appropriate use of resources in health care."
"A short explanation of the significance of the article Dadayan, V., Yu."
"We first study a centralized system in a benchmark scenario to find the socially optimal time-driven patch management."
"Verification of computer simulation models."
"We examine the spillover effects that occur within Korean business groups (i.e., chaebols) by focusing on the market reactions of event firms to announcements of credit rating changes."
"A mathematical formulation for the problem is given."
"For the continuous rack case, we develop an expression for expected one-way travel time given uniform and exponentially distributed demand."
"The tests were made with data taken from an actual factory."
"Earlier development decisions strongly influence current development choices, especially for product design and process technology."
"1985."
"We measure the impact of status signals by comparing the effect of obscuring high- versus low-status author names."
"We also find that such plans can be more beneficial for geographically distant participants, where the potential for improving alignment is greater."
"In addition, this transportation system must handle a whole spectrum of products, and it is difficult to allocate the costs of the system to particular product lots."
"This paper was accepted by Kay Giesecke, finance."
"The success of a new drug is assessed within a clinical trial using a primary endpoint, which is typically the true outcome of interest—for example, overall survival."
"We study how corporate governance affects firm value through the decision of whether to fire or retain the chief executive officer (CEO)."
"We create profiles for job candidates on popular social networks, manipulating information protected under U.S. laws, and submit job applications on their behalf to more than 4,000 employers."
"Pp."
"Many real-world optimization problems have input parameters estimated from data whose inherent imprecision can lead to fragile solutions that may impede desired objectives and/or render constraints infeasible."
"In addition, investors' risk aversion is theoretically linked to volatility spread, defined as the gap between the risk-neutral volatility deduced from option data and the physical return volatility exhibited by return data."
"Management Sci.22 (3, November) 298–308.]."
"Even including these “no change” recommendations, the dataminer decreased the case error by 9% across all promotion events in which rules applied."
"However, for influence diagrams having many variables, the state space of all variables grows exponentially, and the sample sizes required for good estimates may be too large to be practical."
"In the presence of a service plan, however, a very cost-efficient manufacturer is discouraged from doing so."
"Our results show a positive and long-lasting persistence effect for the treatment group, even after the incentive was removed."
"It is found that most movies imitate and evolve around a “core” of the more successful movies."
"Our study contributes to the extant literature on online WOM by providing new insights into how WOM influences consumer decision making and by examining this question at a more granular level than prior work."
"The manufacturer implements the TCA mechanism by designing the supply contract with two sets of terms: presignal and postsignal."
"In contrast to extant research, we find that omitting the temporal dimension underestimates price elasticity."
"Although the benefits of supply chain flexibility and component modularity for end-product manufacturers are accepted, little is known about their impact on suppliers."
"It is widely recognized that variabilities of production volumes may add cost to the process."
"This procedure, the Coefficient Modification Heuristic (CMH), exploits a special problem structure by solving repetitively a small linear programming restriction of the original problem."
"The stochastic method of this paper produced lower cost balances in most cases studied."
"Very often management wishes the experimental clusters to be “matched” on ratios reflecting change over time, comparative competitive position, etc."
"Incorporating thresholds of indifference in probabilistic choice models."
"Eventually, the optimal contract jumps from one deterring myopia to one tolerating myopia."
"It is concluded that some of these modifications consistently improve the performance of the stage-by-stage approaches."
"This special case corresponds to the very common practical situation where only one major interferer is present."
"Our empirical analysis of the global semiconductor industry shows that industry leaders intensify internal linkages across locations when they collocate with direct market competitors, but not when they collocate with innovators in the same technological field."
"We develop a model of consumer demand to empirically study whether firms can indeed use coupons as a means to price discriminate by attracting new consumers without losing (cannibalizing) revenue from existing ones, and whether these new consumers return to the firm after the price promotion."
"This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"In this paper, we model a manufacturer that contracts with two retailers, who then choose retail prices and stocking quantities endogenously in a Bayesian Nash equilibrium."
"For business became interested in the electronic computer when it was pointed out that the machine can effect great savings in the processing of data."
"Researchers generally argue that these assumptions are “good enough” to predict an industry’s probable equilibria, and that disequilibrium adjustments and bounded rationality have limited competitive implications."
"Reply to the letter from Stephen L. Robinson (Robinson, S. L. 1980."
"This paper studies the value to a supplier of obtaining better information about a buyer's cost structure, and of being able to offer more general contracts."
"Communication—Modelling library collections."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"This paper attempts to define long-range planning as the organized process of making entrepreneurial decisions."
"A perturbation scheme to improve Hillier's solution to the facilities layout problem."
"Typically these parameters are elicited by presenting decision makers with a series of static choices between alternatives, gambles, or delayed payments."
"Harmondsworth, Middlesex, England: Penguin Books Ltd. (Baltimore, Maryland: Penguin Books Inc.), 1969, 411 pp.,"
"Siegel and Fouraker (1960) hypothesize and purport to show experimentally that players in bilateral monopoly will tend toward contracts at the Paretian optimum quantity (P.O.) under conditions of incomplete information (players know only their own payoff functions), even though the theory implicitly assumes complete information (both players know both functions)."
"Delivered before the first national meeting of the Institute of Management Sciences, Oct. 21–22, 1954."
"It is shown that a special class of coalitional games emerges from the situations under consideration and that the structure of the situations has theoretical implications, including the coincidence of several game theoretic solution concepts."
"High-quality rosters should be attractive on an individual level, but also divide the work fairly over the employees."
"Vol."
"Our goal in this paper is to study how policy adjustments over time will interact with production decisions from the industry."
"The size of the fleet must account not only for the nominal load and for the randomness in demand and rental duration but also for the randomness in the number of vehicles that are available at each location because of vehicle roaming (vehicles not returning to the same location from which they were picked up)."
"This model suggests the need for a longer-term dynamic perspective to appropriately recognize costs and benefits of different policies for eradicable diseases."
"Under normality, the model yields reasonably tractable results, and the consensus distribution is quite sensitive to the degree of dependence."
"In particular, the variance of orders may be larger than that of sales, and the distortion tends to increase as one moves upstream—a phenomenon termed “bullwhip effect.”"
"We demonstrate that the mechanism is easy to implement and tolerates a reasonable amount of imprecision in the problem parameters."
"Thus, either tax or subsidy regimes can be used to achieve desired levels of one or two policy objectives, allowing other factors such as fairness, equity, or international trade issues to be considered in policy selection."
"There is no such impact for firms without this ecosystem of complements."
"1965."
"The insight for management: Although often investor utility is considered a function of volatility, in fact market volatility and skewness themselves can be affected by investor preference."
"But the challenge in itself—even if made in a very determined manner—is no proof of its correctness and adequacy though this seems to be the opinion of some of the challengers."
"We conduct an extensive analysis of the optimal trading strategy."
"We model a supply chain with one manufacturer and one supplier, in which the supplier's reliability is either high or low and is the supplier's private information."
"A dual ascent procedure for solving this problem class is presented and is incorporated in a branch and bound algorithm."
"Intense competition in many industries forces manufacturing firms to develop new, higher quality products at an increasingly rapid pace."
"General forms of the objective function, yielding expected utility, are derived for utility functions of two types."
"The key issues in such systems are how many of each item to hold at each depot and what to do if there is a demand for an item at a depot that has none of that item in stock."
"This paper shows that operational flexibility interacting with informational uncertainty may lead to truthful information exchange in equilibrium even when the communication is nonbinding and unverifiable, i.e., “cheap talk.”"
"The model is characterized by variables which are partitioned into multiple-choice sets and resource constraints which are nested across the multiple-choice sets."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"This paper was accepted by Lorin Hitt, information systems."
"It is only known that the cost of failure is orders of magnitude higher than the cost of replacement, and that all other costs are relatively negligible."
"Examples are presented to illustrate their economic implications, and several simple rules of thumb are derived to guide manpower policy decisions."
"Because demand functions are typically nonlinear, the exact formulation is intractable."
"For the model considered in this paper, it is assumed that all parts of the system but one are inspected continuously (monitored) and that the remaining part cannot be inspected except when it is replaced."
"This paper presents an algorithm using the special features of the problem that reduces the number of combinations of plant locations to study."
"This paper extends the investigation of supplier encroachment to the environment where the reseller might be better informed than the supplier."
"A one-shot principal–agent experiment is studied where prior to contract choice principals are informed about the past actions of other agents and thus have more information about norms of behavior."
"We study the problem of coordinating the activities of the subsidiaries and allocating the gains arising from coordination."
"Using detailed data on defect rates and quality costs from twelve plants of a Fortune 500 company, we provide the first direct tests of predictions arising from two sets of dynamic quality-based learning models."
"By relaxing the nonnegativity constraints on a set of basic variables, an integer programming problem can be reduced to a shortest route problem over a finite Abelian group."
"Some methodological problems which would arise from research uses of business games are also discussed."
"When the derivative is smaller than −1, LIFO is shown to be an optimal policy."
"The fundamental similarity between user satisfaction and the social and cognitive psychologists' notion of an attitude is suggested."
"In retail operations, customer choices may be affected by stockout and promotion events."
"Under this “recursive-preference” framework, the preference for uncertainty resolution is entirely determined by an agent's preferences for risk and intertemporal substitution."
"It is then shown that well-established concepts and theories from measurement and psychometric theory can provide a general framework for evaluating and assessing subjective probability encoding."
"The question is what form of risk to choose, when the object is maximize the expectation of the utility, u(T), of having the resources run out at time T. This problem is solved for a more or less arbitrary function u(T).Various possible interpretations of such a function u(T) are discussed briefly."
"An engineering approach to the traveling salesman problem is a method which is intuitively “reasonable” to the non-mathematician."
"Indeed, our results suggest that a country is integrated with (segmented from) the world capital markets only if most of her industries are integrated (segmented)."
"There are many business situations where it might be necessary to keep the potential service level (preparedness) above requirements at least in some of the time intervals."
"The leader/laggard classification using financial statement information has useful applications in analysis, forecasting, and valuation."
"This paper demonstrates that it is feasible and practicable to calculate the variance of the cost per unit time associated with group maintenance policies."
"A multiplier adjustment method is developed to solve one Lagrangian dual."
"We thus provide a theory of which products an intermediary should offer in each mode."
"Yet the box contains about 20 individual pieces of chocolate, and participants given that many separate pieces show a substantially attenuated endowment effect."
"We present performance bounds on the optimal cost and prove that economic optimization brings the system into heavy traffic."
"This paper was accepted by Axel Ockenfels, decision analysis."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Empirical data are consistent with hypotheses that this tendency is higher for older firms selling small, high-margin products, offering lower levels of product variety, and facing lower demand uncertainty."
"Under favorable conditions the results exhibited on the diagram of optimum reorder ranges are generally applicable."
"Sensitivity of the optimal decision to changes in probabilities, costs, and revenues are also discussed."
"The platform’s problem is an infinite-dimensional optimization problem with equilibrium constraints."
"Finally, competitive reaction to information sharing might undermine the intended benefits."
"We estimate a multivariate negative binomial distribution (NBD) model on zip code–level customer counts from a leading Internet retailer and provide new insights into factors explaining geographic variation in the success of these methods."
"They may do so because they have difierent objectives, or they may do so solely because they disagree about what are the probable outcomes of the acts."
"Subjects were asked to weight attributes in value trees containing three objectives which were specified by either three, four, five, or six attributes."
"We find that the equilibrium search environment embeds sufficiently high search costs to prevent consumers from evaluating too many sellers, but not too high to cause them to evaluate sellers’ products at partial depth."
"Real-world implementations of many of these models face the formidable stumbling block of simply identifying the “right” model of choice to use."
"We consider the product-ranking challenge that online retailers face when their customers typically behave as “window shoppers.”"
"in his comments on Rosenblatt and Kaspi described the correct dynamic programming algorithm for this optional partitioning problem."
"An aspect of customer behavior that influences the overall efficiency of such systems is the phenomenon of no-shows."
"We discuss the possible strategic implications of our results to firms in a competitive market and for new entrants."
"We also explore the mechanism behind this effect."
"Given this setup, we explicitly model how flexibility can be mutually beneficial to both the producer and the suppliers."
"It is therefore concluded that concern for the scientific sophistication of a region's population, and the economic implications of this sophistication, is by no means misplaced."
"This article serves a dual purpose."
"Some other interesting and counterintuitive results arise."
"2004."
"The normal procedure for evaluation of alternatives by the decisionmaker involves the presentation of their performance with respect to the stated criteria."
"For demand models with additive cross-item effects, we prove that it is sufficient to account for unilateral and pairwise contributions and derive parametric bounds on the performance of the approximation."
"The solution approach we propose for this assignment problem maximizes the number of proposal pairs that will be evaluated by one or more reviewers."
"A series of models is developed to handle time stationary and nonstationary demand functions and approximations are presented allowing the use of modified deterministic models to solve stochastic problems."
"The model is mainly intended to provide a basis for empirical studies of individual decision making, where its complete mathematical tractibility is convenient."
"When the chief executive officer (CEO) and a number of directors belong to the same social networks, the CEO is less likely to be dismissed for poor performance."
"We study the long-chain design in an online stochastic environment in which the requests are drawn repeatedly and independently from a nonstationary probability distribution over the different demand classes."
"With trees, “reasonable” functions of distance are often convex, whereas for a cyclic network such functions of distance are usually nonconvex."
"The proposed procedure is illustrated with count data entailing nonnegative integer counts of purchases (events) for a frequently bought consumer good."
"This study outlines a new theory linking industry structure to optimal employment contracts and executive short-termism."
"We focus our study in the healthcare industry in balancing physicians’ overtime and patients’ waiting times in which patients are distinguished by their service time characterizations."
"We analyze the entry of new credit rating agencies into structured finance products."
"The time adjusted minimum average costs of an industrial equipment or process are expressed in terms of the logarithmic decrement of its salvage values."
"Advertising performs many functions, such as informing consumers, signaling quality, and confirming prices."
"We found that useful information transfer occurs most often toward the start of applied research projects and toward the end of basic research projects."
"The overuse of its currency processing facilities by depository institutions (DIs) has motivated the Federal Reserve (Fed) to impose its new cash recirculation policy."
"The determination of packages for bidding is a nontrivial task, and existing efficient formats require that bidders know the set of packages and/or their valuations."
"The simple formulas can also be regarded as consequences of linear system theory, because the mean function can be regarded as the image of a linear operator applied to the arrival rate function."
"In addition, more ideological investors are less likely to engage in quid pro quo behavior."
"We incorporate the dynamics of physician-patient interaction in a game-theoretic model where firms decide on the form of DTCA to adopt (constructive or combative) and then compete in the marketplace by choosing detailing and DTCA levels."
"Using a model of the resource allocation behavior of a group of firms, Joglekar and Hamburg (1983) demonstrate that unaided industry allocation to basic research is suboptimal and that in stimulating this allocation, provision of government seed money is generally counterproductive, while the provision of matching subsidies is not cost-efficient."
"Toward that end, we construct an uncertainty set that incorporates all of the data, and the size of the uncertainty set is based on how well the parameters are estimated from that data when using a particular estimation procedure: regressions, the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator, and maximum likelihood estimation (among others)."
"failure"
"Through exchange the asset is downgraded from one use to another until it is junked."
"However, no systematic explanation of the conditions under which university inventions will be licensed or commercialized has been provided."
"If she does not find it easy and comfortable to answer the questions posed by the algorithm, then she will very likely give inconsistent answers, and the method will fail to find her most preferred solution."
"Unfortunately, there is no agreed-upon policy for their disclosure."
"In a field setting with longitudinal data, we disentangle the effects of learning new information from the effects of personal experience."
"Therefore, for an industry with intense competition, a government agency should exercise caution about being too aggressive with regulation, which could potentially stifle innovation."
"Charnes, Cooper, and Sueyoshi (Charnes, A., W. W. Cooper, T. Sueyoshi."
"The network effect on independent directors' trading profitability is stronger in firms with higher information asymmetry and with more powerful executives."
"Our model predicts that stronger reporting oversight leads to greater accounting conservatism, manipulation, and investment efficiency."
"The singularity of the title Management Science dedicates us to the proposition that a science of human administration is a real possibility."
"Theory and fact are just two sides of the same coin; but the two sides of a coin are different, and this difference will continue to characterize the development of management science."
"The classes of decisions commonly encountered in R and D are indicated."
"Sequential introduction, however, would mean that the profits from the low-end model arrive later."
"This paper analyzes the effects of bail-in and bailout policies on banks’ funding costs, incentives for loan monitoring, and financing capacity."
"The procedure decomposes the production planning problem into two subproblems which correspond to the aggregate planning subproblem and a disaggregation subproblem in the Hax-Meal framework."
"This study looks at the United States biotechnology industry as a community of practice caught between two evolutionary logics by which valuable scientific knowledge and valuable innovations are selected."
"We find that credit access significantly reduces firm sales volatility and that the effect is stronger for firms with fewer alternative sources of financing."
"2 (January 1963)."
"Hence, expanding variety across submodels should be the first priority when adding inventory—adding inventory within a submodel is actually detrimental."
"In particular, we give an example of an unbiased derivative estimator which satisfies the interchange conditions but which has infinite variance."
"The cutting planes are strong in the sense that they exclude both integer and noninteger solutions."
"We build a conceptual model of the antecedents and consequences of a firm's reputation for being a credible defender of its markets."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"In addition, our findings provide insight into how the interactions of team members may contribute to the development of broader firm capabilities."
"We attempt to answer two questions in this paper: (i) How did jumps in equity returns change after the 2008–2009 financial crisis—in particular, were there significant changes in jump rates or in jump sizes, or both? ("
"This paper was accepted by Assaf Zeevi, stochastic models and simulation."
"We show that under both policies the optimal lot sizes will always be bigger than the ones in a corresponding deterministic case, and that the optimal lot size increases with the failure rate."
"Operational risk has been among the three most significant types of risks in the financial services industry, and its management is mandated by Basel II regulations."
"Conf."
"Apologies as Signals: With Evidence from a Trust Game (p. 141)Benjamin Ho“Love means never having to say you're sorry” is a famous line from the 1970 movie Love Story."
"These results are consistent with companies structuring director equity deferral plans to circumvent U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 10b-5’s trading restrictions."
"This raises antitrust concerns with respect to the electronic marketplace and suggests that at least some of the anticipated competitive gains from electronic market systems may be difficult to realize."
"The authors develop a new, more powerful, and more accurate test for validating the performance of probability forecasts."
"The present paper shows that the determination of this optimal coupon and maturity schedule for a level debt issue can be readily accomplished by linear programming techniques."
"The concepts involved in the analysis are somewhat related to Markowitz's work on the portfolio problem."
"We show robustness of these results when we allow a larger combination of platform strategies, as well as by explaining how ad white-listing schemes offered by modern ad blockers can add value."
"For the short-horizon campaign, we develop an optimization model to select influencers and present structural properties for the model."
"In general, individuals seek to avoid uncertainty in situations of intertemporal choice."
"We also investigate the quality of various approximations for the mean number of busy servers such as the pointwise stationary approximation and several polynomial approximations."
"We analyze how market design choices about counterparty information and costs related to the “plumbing” (i.e., clearing, settlement, and custody) of securities markets affect market quality and welfare."
"Interestingly, the firm may get strictly worse off due to the consumer-generated quality information."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2157.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"General service time distributions which may depend on both server and customer type are allowed."
"Finally, they show that acquisition channels contribute differently to the total customer pool—offline word-of-mouth acquisitions are clustered, whereas magazine acquisitions are dispersed."
"We acquaint the reader with some fundamental concepts in the study of electronic market mechanisms, while simultaneously presenting a survey and summary of the essential literature in this area."
"These effects are non-linear and generally lead one away from a model with convenient special structure to much more complex systems."
"Firms that guide soon after the IPO are significantly more likely to guide again and to provide regular future guidance (i.e., they establish a regular guidance policy)."
"The increased focus on heuristics for the approximate solution of integer programs has led to more sophisticated analysis methods for studying their performance."
"The traditional model for selecting insurance company operating strategies is safety-first decision making (ruin theory)."
"In this paper, we consider a market whereby consumers decide when and which product to buy, given that they know the product quality of the incumbent but are uncertain about that of the entrant."
"Then, from the subset of solutions generated, it is contemplated, that the decision-maker will be able to qualitatively identify his efficient extreme point of greatest utility (which should either be the decision-maker's optimal point or be close enough to it to terminate the decision process).The procedure presented in this paper involves converting the multiple objective linear programming problem with interval criterion weights into an equivalent vector-maximum problem."
"In this paper “Optimal and Near Optimal Price and Advertising Strategies,” Welam (Welam, Ulf P. 1982."
"A strengthening member of a group is one whose presence causes the graph of a group to be more highly connected that the graph obtained when he is absent."
"Coordination failure among owners of heterogeneous debt types increases distress costs."
"Our experiments demonstrate that the RAD auction achieves higher efficiencies, lower bidder losses, higher net revenues, and faster times to completion without increasing the complexity of a bidder's problem."
"These calculations were done for the procurement lead-time models described above, using 100 different inventory policies with each model, as defined by selected stock-control levels and reorder points."
"The authors recommend and describe a structured interview process that utilizes a trained interviewer and a number of techniques designed to reduce biases and aid in the quantification of judgment."
"This paper concerns marginal cost pricing in a capacity expansion problem for the electric utility industry."
"But the authors find that service plan offerings of retailers can cause reduced manufacturer's warranties."
"We analyze 10 three-candidate elections (and mock elections) conducted under approval voting (AV) using a method developed by Falmagne and Regenwetter (1996) that allows us to construct a distribution of rank orders from subset choice data."
"This paper describes three approaches to assigning tasks to earth observing satellites (EOS)."
"By examining the recommender’s impact through different stages—awareness (views), salience (conversion|views), and final conversion—and across product types, we provide nuanced insights."
"Different institutional structures can cause different behavioral norms to be internalized."
"Decomposing the revenue gains into components attributable to store visits and per-visit expenditures, we find that the majority of these gains were due to larger expenditures, with a much smaller impact from store visits."
"Resource pooling strategies have been widely used in industry to match supply with demand."
"that appeared in June 1968)."
"Market search is measured as the fraction of customers who, unsatisfied at their “local” retailer due to a stock-out, search for the good at the other retailer before leaving the system."
"A decision rule is developed for classifying proposed expansion areas as potentially penetrable or impenetrable for the product using minimization of the expected cost of error as the optimality criterion."
"The authors investigate how auctioneers set reserve prices in auctions."
"It therefore reduces substantially the number of edges that have to be checked thoroughly, at a high computational cost, for a possible center point along them."
"This paper generalizes the Bass model by allowing for a supply constraint."
"The foundations of decision under uncertainty: An elementary exposition."
"We present empirical evidence corroborating the importance of higher-order beliefs to understanding trust and the interactive analysis of trust to the likelihood of successful coordination."
"We have found that whereas the company appreciates the advantages of dynamic pricing, they deem it operationally much easier to plan out a static price calendar in advance."
"Aggregating the diverse bits of information is an important aspect of the decision-making process but entails special statistical modeling problems in characterizing the information."
"This paper provides extensions of Single Exponential Smoothing and Holt's Method to the case of irregularly spaced data and shows them to be highly efficient computationally."
"The information contained within these preannouncements not only shape expectations of distinct but connected sides, for example, users and developers in a video game platform, but also informs a rival platform in a competitive market."
"In addition to the usual holding and shortage costs, the problem involves fixed and proportional costs for deciding to change the inventory level."
"Over time, the innovators dominated in developing new drugs, and the gap between innovators and imitators steadily increased."
"4) What improvements are needed to correct any imbalance between work load and work capacity?The surprising findings eliminated most of the remedies that had been offered earlier."
"However, through contrasting the various learning process theories described in the research on organizational, group, and individual learning, we develop a set of competing hypotheses that suggest some degree of variation might improve the learning rate."
"These conflicting predictions primarily hinge on whether decision makers perceive negative performance as a repairable gap or as a threat to firm survival."
"We adapt the technique of prophet inequalities from optimal stopping theory to pricing and assortment problems, and our results are relative to the linear programming relaxation."
"A scaling method for priorities in hierarchical structures."
"Evidence shows that the electronic trading system has more price discovery and that trading automation increases the speed of incorporating information into prices."
"Our insights from the discrete model are extended to this context to develop a scheme that provides solutions within an arbitrary prespecified tolerance."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, revenue management and market analytics."
"Using resale apartment data in 10 major cities in China, a difference-in-differences approach at the apartment level, and a two-step estimator at the city-month level, we find that the entry of bike sharing reduces the housing price premium by 29% per km away from a subway station."
"Along the way, we position each of the papers presented in this special issue within the existing literature, demonstrating the deep impact of these 14 articles on an already broad body of knowledge."
"They find that, if the degree of foreign aversion is high in a given country, investors place a high valuation on domestic equity, which results in a low expected return."
"Value at risk (VaR) is a central concept in risk management."
"We find that although several of our empirical findings are consistent with such a model, it fails to replicate the observed diversity of structural virality, thereby suggesting new directions for future modeling efforts."
"This last feature of the capital budgeting model suggests that the firm may be able to achieve the informational economies usually associated with a decentralized organization structure."
"Suggestions are made for selecting the “best” heuristic based on the problem characteristics."
"Oper."
"As an illustration, we consider in some detail prospect theory and choice-acclimating preferences, two popular models of reference dependence under risk, and we show the incompatibility of loss aversion with prudence."
"These changes in behavior are not associated with short-run increases in customer profitability, but customers who adopt online banking have a lower propensity to leave the bank."
"We focus on mathematical programming models with objective functions that depend linearly on costs or other parameters."
"Multiple depot inventory systems with stock transfer are used by many companies especially when demand is high relative to storage capacity."
"It is shown that (i) the decomposition algorithm does indeed converge to an optimal corporate solution, (ii) under reasonable assumptions, the marginal rate of return on the last dollar spent is the same for each division and is equal to the corporate headquarters' “cost of capital,” (iii) in some circumstances, the decomposition model will only select integral projects, and (iv) the optimal choice of projects for the firm is made independently by the divisions, each acting in its own self-interest."
"As a consequence, a larger loyal segment may lead to both higher prices and a higher market share among nonloyal customers."
"The model suggests that website use (i.e., technology use), a key indicator of the degree to which a site is “sticky,” is a significant antecedent of purchase behavior."
"In such a setting, we show that ex ante identical firms can acquire differentiated market positions that spontaneously emerge from user-generated content."
"Guidance for budget size optimization is provided via a shadow price."
"The standard mathematical formulation for a bandit problem makes the strong assumption that the decision maker has a full characterization of the joint distribution of the rewards, and that “arms” under this distribution are independent."
"All the reader needs to know, to begin with, is that the sales force consists of truck-driver salesmen who daily visit each of their given customers (i.e. grocery stores) leaving, on consignment, an amount of bread to be decided by the salesman."
"We show that … This learning leads to the use of the implicit influence each channel member has over the other's behavior."
"To overcome this limitation, we examine the case in which the retailer develops a program called the “advance booking discount” (ABD) program that entices customers to commit to their orders at a discount price prior to the selling season."
"In this paper, we deal with the dynamic nature of this problem."
"In this way we address several basic managerial issues: What is the value of centralized information in complex systems?"
"The second method offers the advantages that only one matrix need be constructed to describe the entire system, that only elementary column operations are required to yield a solution, that the ordering of the system components need not be considered, and that components which are system inputs, system outputs, and those which are outside the scope of the study are immediately identified."
"Effective reporting oversight curtails managers’ ability to manipulate, which increases the benefits of conservative accounting and simultaneously reduces its costs."
"The choice model is very general, simply specifying the probability of purchase for each fare product as a function of the set of fare products offered."
"Advance-purchase discounts allow for intermediate allocations of inventory risk: The retailer bears the risk on inventory ordered before the season while the supplier bears the risk on any production in excess of that amount."
"The general findings are summarized as follows: The average travel time of one-officer units to Type 1 calls is at least 30% less than the average travel time of two-officer units."
"Edited by Victor Chew."
"An effective procedure for the optimal (storage) allocation is presented, whose application to an actual large-scale operating system resulted in high (relative) savings."
"Management Sci.17(10, June) B-634–648.]"
"In this paper we develop a resource planning and allocation model for a mental-health community-support system."
"Overall, we find that while sales promotions have a net positive impact both in the short term and in the long term, the implied total profit elasticity including the long-term effect is smaller than the short-term profit elasticity."
"The present work grew out of a study conducted at a County Assistance Office in Western Pennsylvania and addresses three important productivity questions in organizational productivity: (1) How should a given number of workers be allocated across related tasks, (2) will the arrangement that seems best for productivity increase or decrease equity within the office, and (3) what is the optimal size of an office?To answer question 1, we model the administrative office as a closed queueing network."
"The amount of information in a purposeful state is explicitly defined in terms of the probabilities of choice of the available courses of action."
"In this paper we provide a recursive procedure to solve such problems."
"Homewood, Illinois: Richard D. Irwin, Inc., 1962, $13.35 (Trade), $10.00 (Professional), 762 pp—reviewed by Shepard A. Insel;—Hanssmann, Fred."
"The standard information-aggregation techniques exacerbate p-hacking by increasing the probability of the type I error."
"This algorithm can provide a faster solution than the equivalent sequential algorithm."
"In a longitudinal natural experiment using repeated quasi-audit studies of medical students, we test for within-cohort changes in disparities from medical student behaviors as they interact with white and black patient actors."
"We compare the performance of the different contracts in terms of mean, variance, and outer percentiles of delay for both customer types using both numerical and asymptotic heavy-traffic analyses."
"We analyze the publications and patents of 116 biotechnology firms during the period 1988–1995."
"But what if there are multiple previous references?"
"Various regulations are introduced concerning monopoly, taxation, credit, and bankruptcy."
"The process feature predictions are as accurate as predictions from pie sizes only, and adding process and pie data together improves predictions even more."
"These properties, which affect knowledge management outcomes, can be organized according to whether they are properties of a unit (e.g., individual, group, organization) involved in knowledge management, properties of relationships between units or properties of the knowledge itself."
"This convergence of multiattribute value model parameters resulted in a “common model” that was most consistent with holistic evaluations of the pro-conservation group, and generally inconsistent with those of the pro-nuclear group."
"The model predicts rich market dynamics, where firms stay for some period in different positionings if consumer preferences are in a relatively middle ground or where a firm repositions to follow consumer preferences but then repositions back to the original position if consumer preferences return."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"This idea of incorporating human deviations to improve optimization algorithms could also be generalized to other processes in logistics and operations."
"Consider a multiclass production system where many job classes share a single server and a setup time is incurred whenever the server changes class."
"A related problem is that of screening where a large but finite group of initial candidates is reduced prior to final selection."
"We also provide results for a capacitated two-customer example, which show that the supplier’s choice of production quantity for each customer is not necessarily nondecreasing in the total available capacity."
"We offer a new anchoring explanation for the ex-day abnormal returns of stock distributions, including stock dividend distributions, splits, and reverse splits."
"In this paper, we investigate the efficiency gains created by customized bundling over the alternatives of pure bundling or individual sale under different assumptions about customer preferences and firm cost structure, as well as the potential loss of efficiency caused by pricing with incomplete information about consumer reservation values."
"Empirically, we focus on new product announcements as a proxy of product innovation and on filed trademarks as a measure of new advertising."
"Pressing changes are needed in the administration of real estate taxation that will not only ensure that all properties be assessed accurately and equitably, but will enable taxpayers to perceive that they are being treated fairly."
"Under “unacclimating personal equilibrium” (UPE), where bidders keep their expectations fixed when choosing their bids, both the extensive and intensive risks induce them to bid more aggressively."
"One of these, the (a, b, c) policy, is investigated for stationary operating characteristics, and a specific example is provided to illustrate the technique of finding optimal values for policy parameters."
"All arrivals join the first service center, where they receive a maximum of T units of service."
"Various considerations about existence and possible shape of such function f(E, V) are presented."
"We estimate historical and option-implied value at risk and iVaR for several popular jump models using the Standard & Poor’s (S&P) 100 Index and American options."
"We discuss the difficulties and limitations of assessing the validity of a model of a loosely managed system in which human behavior is central and in which controlled experiments cannot be performed."
"Much less is known about the performance implications of outsourcing of another important IS function, namely, front-office customer relationship management (CRM) systems, where the vendor uses its own personnel and software to perform several CRM tasks."
"2) When using the stable algorithm, the size of the bias is affected by the size of the problem (i.e., the larger the problem size is the larger the performance discrepancy between two groups of participants)."
"In addition to the proper credit policy it is necessary for management to determine the proper reserve for uncollectibles."
"The equivalence of the two analyses is easy to establish and is contained in Rao (Rao, Ram C. 1983."
"In particular, it is possible to decide whether it is optimal to replace an existing machine at the beginning of a period or keep it at least one more period with much less information than the entire future forecast of technology."
"The diffusion of Internet technology among firms is widely considered to be one of the primary factors behind the rapid economic growth of the 1990s."
"We investigate the effect of heterogeneity along the unobservable attributes on both quality and price equilibrium in a two-stage game framework."
"Confidence in financial decision-making abilities does not decline with age."
"Algorithmic matches in fielded kidney exchanges do not typically result in an actual transplant."
"Our empirical evidence suggests that spinoff entry promoted mobility in Silicon Valley even before the industry was clustered there."
"The DSS groups took more time to make their decisions than the non-DSS groups at the beginning of the experiment."
"A renewal process is defined to represent the present value of a stream of money payments occurring at random times."
"Our results suggest that in environments where RTs are publicly available, the information structure may be richer than previously thought."
"The notions of Lagrange multipliers and duality are discussed together with applications of these ideas to scientific and business problems."
"Cooperation in Games with Forgetfulness (p. 363)Raphael Thomadsen, Pradeep BhardwajIs it better to forgive and forget, or is revenge a dish best served cold?"
"Our primary research question is to what extent a rider’s gender, race, and perception of support for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) rights impact cancelation rates."
"Our findings demonstrate the possibility that a temporary boost in one’s self-concept drives this observed effect."
"We analyze four different ways of communicating risk: (i) numerical descriptions, (ii) experience sampling, (iii) graphical displays, and (iv) a combination of these formats in the “risk tool.”"
"Prior literature has identified several contributing factors but does not address the fundamental problem that the commercial potential of a nascent discovery is generally unobserved, which potentially confounds inference."
"If consumers’ values do not decrease too quickly, we show that bundling is approximately optimal."
"Annapolis: U.S. Naval Institute, 1968, 327 pp.,"
"Our experiment involved high stakes with payoffs up to a week’s salary."
"Nash bargaining theory and recent developments in economic contract theory are employed in the analysis of the marketing channels."
"A 10% increase in the price of voice minutes will induce about a 0.8% increase in the demand for SMS."
"We propose three solutions for the firm to better cope with or even benefit from social influence: influencer recruitment and a reduced product assortment either before demand realization (ex ante) or under production postponement (ex post)."
"We find significant increases in medical students' disparate behaviors by patient race between their first and second years of medical school."
"Numerical experiments show that our algorithm dramatically improves on the standard Monte Carlo method for large values of d and is highly resilient to discontinuities."
"We test this hypothesis with a simultaneous equations model applied to data from the luxury-performance segment of the auto industry."
"Higher worker’s regret, sales volatility, and fewer delegations increase the conformity, while they mitigate the effects of integration."
"The evidence thus suggests that the form of earnings management depends on costs imposed on the CFO to inflate earnings."
"A tree network is a collection of trees rooted at a common central node."
"This paper was accepted by Christoph Loch, R&D and product development."
"A winner of the auction may regret paying too much relative to the second highest bid, and a loser may regret missing an opportunity to win at a favorable price."
"Code reuse is a form of knowledge reuse in software development that is fundamental to innovation in many fields."
"In order to address this question we have constructed a family of three network building evacuation models."
"There has been a long history of patron participation in parimutuel horse race wagering and attendance, which are major recreational products in consumer budgets."
"It begins by examining conceptual and theoretical limitations of the construct's use as a measure of IS effectiveness."
"An empirical study demonstrates that the proposed approach provides excellent forecasts relative to benchmark models for a customer database provided by an insurance firm."
"This paper was accepted by Brian Bushee, accounting."
"The observed association does not appear to be explained by market transaction disclosure response, “predictable” reversion following positive performance, or general periodic price declines."
"Personalized marketing in retail requires a model to predict how different marketing actions affect product choices by individual customers."
"If transaction costs in technology markets are positive, which implies that accessing the market for projects is costly, these investments lead to state-contingent project-selection rules that create a dynamic and vertical interdependency among R&D activities and product mix."
"Specifically, how might the small group laboratory procedures of the social psychologist and sociologist be adapted to the study of organizations?"
"We find reasonable conditions where, with an appropriate setting of uniform lump-sum and unit subsidies, the policy maker can achieve a pair of policy objectives equivalent to those obtained using unit taxes."
"The conclusion section gives a brief discussion of the state of the art and of current trends in network location research."
"Facing a market composed of both strategic and myopic customers, the firm does not necessarily reduce the stocking level as more myopic customers become strategic."
"In addition, there are some new techniques which have considerable promise, but which have not yet seen wide use."
"We also give a necessary and sufficient condition for the Wait option to exist."
"The world of work is increasingly characterized by processing of records, forms, or cases."
"Several high-profile U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) investigations have resulted in lawsuits or indictments against GCs for perpetrating financial fraud and caused many to ask: where were the gatekeepers?"
"The subjective view of probability clarifies the important distinction between normative and positive theorizing about behavior in games, a distinction that is often lost in the search for “solution concepts” which largely characterizes game theory since the work of von Neumann and Morgenstern."
"Consideration is given to problems of choosing the order of issue of items from a stockpile of material whose utility characteristics are changing with time."
"For some distributions (e.g., lognormal) the SDR relationship is stated in terms of the distributions' parameters, and hence only one comparison is required."
"The performance benefits of focus are typically attributed to reduced complexity, lower uncertainty, and the development of specialized expertise."
"When the total cost distribution is normal, an exact solution requiring only a knowledge of expected total cost and the cost variance is obtained."
"As such, they provide a useful framework for the development of criteria for judging organizations for administrative and research applications."
"This paper presents a new implicit formulation for shift scheduling problems, using context-free grammars to model the rules for the composition of shifts."
"We conclude that mechanisms other than strategic ones must be responsible for the existence of delegated channels, and make some suggestions about promising avenues for future theory research in channel structure."
"The input to a facility comes from one preceding facility (or the raw material) and the output from the facility goes to one succeeding facility (or the customer)."
"The seller aims to design a revenue-maximizing mechanism that is not only immunized against the ambiguity of the bidder values, but also against the uncertainty about the bidders’ attitude toward ambiguity."
"This paper shows in a hypothetical and illustrative manner, how a linear programming model of moderate size can be used in selecting projects for a national development program, without requiring the construction of a model that covers the whole of the economy in detail."
"The models predict a high profit margin for the firm, which is consistent with the data, but the sequential search model fits with the observed price distributions and supply costs better than the nonsequential search model."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2590.This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"Automated valuation models (AVMs) are widely used in the valuation of pools of residential mortgages."
"These outcomes are generated as perfect equilibria of ascending-bid, multiunit auctions."
"To gain insight into the potential logistical benefits of worker cross-training and agile workforce policies, we study simple models of serial production systems with flexible servers operating under a constant work-in-process (CONWIP) release policy."
"Unpublished paper, Graduate School of Business Administration, University of Michigan, October."
"Decision Sci. ("
"Divisions are typically interdependent and the corporate headquarters plays an important role in coordinating such decisions as pricing, allocation of funds to the divisions, and determining the level of corporate-wide research and development."
"We provide conditions under which guaranteed VWAP contracts are optimal in this principal-agent problem."
"In this paper we distinguish between two types of white lies: those that help others at the expense of the person telling the lie, which we term altruistic white lies, and those that help both others and the liar, which we term Pareto white lies."
"A recently derived Multicriteria Simplex Method [Yu, P. L., M. Zeleny."
"Response-focused EQ measures caregivers’ ability to respond to patient’s explicit needs, whereas communication-focused EQ measures caregivers’ ability to engage in meaningful conversations with the patient."
"2) An infinite-capacity network can have a strictly greater output rate than the corresponding finite-capacity network, no matter how large the capacity."
"The model is based upon a composite structure, that is, it integrates several submodel components (e.g., brand choice and purchase incidence behavior) within its structure."
"The effect of marketing actions of the firm upon consumer behavior is also explored."
"Derived from the generalized Streeter-Phelps differential equations used to describe the rates of dissolved oxygen depletion and recovery of streams, these models are adaptable to any river basin configuration."
"These results suggest that seller-provided information is not a major barrier to energy-efficiency investments at current prices in this context."
"One, subjects behave as if their utility function incorporates a preference to reduce ex-post inventory error, the absolute difference between the chosen quantity and realized demand."
"Did this accounting rule change really have such far reaching implications?"
"Manufacturer-to-consumer rebates are a staple of modern supply chains."
"A model developed to aid a state-level resource allocation process in the United States Department of Agriculture Special Supplement Food Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) is presented."
"April) 197–208.]."
"The role of postretirement plans is attenuated in countries with available alternative funding sources."
"Although the intervention successfully improved the target behavior, less is known about any spillovers, positive or negative, that impacted the program’s net benefit."
"The opposite is true if they are complements."
"New bounds are obtained on the optimal return function for what are called discounted sequential decision processes."
"Proc."
"Finally, limitations of the present method are discussed."
"failure"
"We examine how ride sharing is organized and how traffic and ownership are affected if a platform, which chooses the seat rental price to maximize either revenue or welfare, is introduced to a population."
"We find that location-based convenience benefits have stronger effects on location-dependent offline WOM acquisitions than on location-independent online WOM acquisitions."
"In most PERT scheduling problems, uncertainties in job duration are handeled by a “wait-and-see” formulation in which it is assumed that the samples of job duration are known at the moment of scheduling; much attention has been devoted to the distribution of minimal project time under these assumptions."
"Empirical implementation of the model specification requires recognizing that interpurchase times, like brand choices, also depend upon marketing variables and household characteristics."
"Finally, there are some techniques which have not yet fulfilled their original promise."
"In the first class of problems, customer service is measured by the average time when the jobs are delivered to the customers; in the second class, customer service is measured by the maximum time when the jobs are delivered to the customers."
"In my first experiment, I exogenously vary whether the agents’ effort generates a donation to a charity of their choice (matched mission), generates a donation to a charity chosen by another subject (random mission), or generates no donation (no mission)."
"Some structural properties of system throughput are analyzed in an effort to pave the way for future optimization studies dealing with the design and management of phone centers."
"This paper constructs a new measure of attention allocation by local investors relative to nonlocals using aggregate search volume from Google."
"We propose a hybrid noncooperative-cooperative game model, which we call a biform game."
"The specific goals of the project have been: (1) to develop a theory or conceptual framework for productivity measurement of the computing and information services function, (2) to pilot test the theory through empirical analysis at field sites, and (3) to evaluate the results and report the conclusions (success and failure)."
"We find that consumers who know the add-on fees can be penalized—and increasingly so—by the existence of boundedly rational consumers."
"Thus, an up-front commitment to sole sourcing may be beneficial."
"Also suggested is a possible way of improving the performance of neural networks in managerial applications."
"It is a never-ending quest to discover and create knowledge and rules which are universal."
"The results are largely consistent with prior research on the antecedents of formal control modes, but they shed new insight on the choice of informal control modes."
"However, when the price protection credit is set endogenously together with the wholesale prices, channel coordination is restored."
"Without the possibility of implementation failure, the opportunity to invest in IT hurts firms’ profits because the productivity gains are competed away."
"This paper treats a depot-warehouse system in which demand occurs at the warehouse or retail level."
"When many products are to be manufactured on the same production facility we can avoid product interference, and thus obtain a feasible production schedule, by requiring all products to have the same cycle time T. In this way Krone, [Krone, L. H. Jr. 1964."
"Consistent with the alternative story, IQ and fees are inversely correlated, even after controlling for many fund services, including any operating at the fund family level."
"In the first system, the two servers work on the same job if they are working."
"We will use the basic work of Whitin (Whitin, Thomson M. 1953."
"51(10):1481–1493], and it requires that consumers’ preferences obey the Spence–Mirrlees single-crossing property."
"Enough of apologies."
"However, bond investors associate a higher level of disclosure with a lower likelihood of withholding bad news and thus accept lower yields."
"This value can be almost entirely generated by reacting to the unfolding of price uncertainty, that is, by sequentially reoptimizing a model that ignores this source of uncertainty."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"We introduce a new scoring mechanism that we refer to as replication test scores and prove that as long as the objective function satisfies a diminishing-returns condition, one can leverage these scores to compute solutions that are within a constant factor of the optimum."
"The explicit solution of this equation is obtained, when the service time is assumed to be constant."
"However, by placing reasonable restrictions on the variance-covariance matrix of returns, it is possible to simplify the solution of the problem."
"After considering the associated Markov-chain model, an approximate, renewal-based model is derived."
"Batch picking is a popular approach in the mail-order industry and is employed in industrial settings such as tool cribs and in warehouses, which service assembly line operations."
"Firm profitability in this industry apparently benefits from new product introductions because new products need less marketing support than older products."
"Why do individuals volunteer their time even when recipients receive far less value than the donor’s opportunity cost?"
"In particular, we show that portfolio equity positions tend to be higher for those respondents that anticipate higher expected returns or lower uncertainty."
"Efficient solution procedures are developed which require only the solution of a transcendental equation using Newton's or an equivalent method."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1970, 582 pp.,"
"failure"
"It is now widely accepted that a retailer’s use of strategic inventory can mitigate double marginalization and improve the coordination of a supply chain, potentially benefiting both the downstream retailer and an upstream manufacturer."
"Although there are other sources of danger, this study concentrates on the statistical error, which is very large for end values and increases alarmingly with extrapolations."
"Specifically, we hypothesize that the relation between uncertainty and economic growth is most pronounced when both firm-level and aggregate-level uncertainty are high simultaneously."
"Specifically, individual characteristics and product type are argued to differentially influence the weights that customers place on five different categories of usability."
"We show that firms may or may not benefit by providing better-designed news."
"Scheduling problems may also be handled."
"Consequently, they often face constrained stochastic optimization problems, minimizing cost subject to service-level constraints."
"Book Reviews—Programmed Learning, Jerome P. Lysaught, ed."
"Can senior management provide earning guidance that helps prevent investors' sentiment-driven overvaluation?"
"The results of this study cast doubt on the belief that IT skills have a large firm-specific component."
"In cases where feasible schedules cannot be constructed using the values from the iterative procedure, the procedure provides a basis for changing the production frequencies and the fundamental cycle time to obtain feasible schedules."
"This builds on the modelling paradigm of Eisenberg and Noe [Eisenberg L, Noe TH (2001) Systemic risk in financial systems."
"It worked; a major stock market correction ensued."
"We analyze field transaction data from a major online labor market."
"Other factors influencing the decision time and the choice of strategies include the characteristics of the task and the interactions between the presentation format and the other task demands."
"This paper studies an M/G/1 queue where the idle time of the server is utilized for additional work in a secondary system."
"We develop a structural model of consumers’ dynamic monitoring to find substantial heterogeneity, with consumers’ opportunity costs for an online visit ranging from $2 to $25 in inverse relation to their price elasticities."
"Second, it is to survey existing solution techniques, available only for a few of such constrained problems."
"Only then shall we be able to make a science of management."
"The documented relationship between the use of online banking and customer retention remains positive even after controlling for self-selection into the online channel."
"failure"
"This paper shows that the tests of skewness persistence considered by Muralidhar (Muralidhar, K. 1993."
"Our results suggest that internal R&D and external knowledge acquisition are complementary innovation activities, but that the degree of complementarity is sensitive to other elements of the firm’s strategic environment."
"In all of these cases, customer exhibit strategies that have not yet been explored in the operations literature: they choose whether or not to cut the line and must also decide whether to accept or reject such intrusions by others."
"failure"
"Different customer classes typically have distinct sensitivities to the price of service as well as the delays encountered."
"We estimate risk aversion from investors’ financial decisions in a person-to-person lending platform."
"In considering the method itself specific elements of theory are developed relating to the existence of additive values for imbedding sets X · Y*, X · Ỹ where X is a subset of zero-one vectors, Y* is a countable subset of numbers in the range −∞ < y < ∞, and Ỹ is a connected open interval of the range −∞ < y < ∞. In seeking further approximation methods, it is necessary to investigate properties of the component value, u(·) over Y* and Ỹ. The coefficients of the zero-one variables are shown to be unique for Y* once two values have been preset."
"The current note extends this methodology to include incumbents' long-run strategy of competitive product repositioning, in addition to price reactions."
"Rather, it is a function of the prices of the various pieces of information, or “observables.”"
"This is no longer the case, and the theories have far outrun data-gathering procedures."
"We find consumer variety seeking can either soften or intensify price competition, depending on the difference in firm qualities and the strength of consumer preference for variety."
"In this paper, we demonstrate how a social network platform can leverage its longitudinal user data to identify which of its users are likely to be job seekers."
"The paper focuses in particular on the determinants of the performance and behavior of systems such as those mentioned above."
"This work is interesting from a purely mathematical point of view since it presents an original method, going beyond the limits of classical mathematical analysis, for solving extremal problems."
"This paper discusses the problem of assigning locations to indivisible facilities and its relation to the quadratic assignment problem."
"In all previous treatment, however, the size of the maintenance-repair crew has been held constant and the optimal maintenance period has then been determined."
"This result means that the linear programming solution should provide a good approximation whenever the number of items being manufactured is large in comparison with the number of capacity constraints."
"The gap between them, evaluated in an extensive numerical study, is on average only 0.45%."
"We show that our policies are within 1-1/e (approximately 0.63) of the optimum under stationary demand, and 1/2 of the optimum under nonstationary demand, with both guarantees approaching 1 if the starting inventories are large."
"Res.9 296–320.]"
"The model fits into the general pattern of theoretical studies which contribute to the preparation of investment decisions by Electricité de France."
"In particular, firms with highly compensated GCs have lower financial reporting quality and more aggressive accounting practices, including management of the litigation reserve."
"While specific lock-box arrangements with banks vary, the model presents the variables involved in the two most popular arrangements."
"We also discuss an extension that includes cross-term effects to capture the cannibalization aspect of using several vehicles simultaneously."
"This paper examines the informational role of product ratings."
"As a result, such studies include some process for reducing the number of alternatives to be examined in detail."
"Making the evaluative aspect of the test more salient does not impact the gender gap."
"In this paper we develop a capital asset pricing model in a mean lower partial moment framework."
"Thus, we obtain closed-form performance measures."
"Subsequently, estimation proceeds using cyclical monotonicity moment inequalities implied by the multinomial choice model; the estimation procedure is semiparametric and does not require explicit distributional assumptions to be made regarding the random utility errors."
"Applications of the model to linear, cyclic, and branching systems are developed in detail."
"Harmondsworth, Middlesex, England: Penguin Books Ltd. (Baltimore, Maryland: Penguin Books Inc.), 1970, 392 pp.,"
"For example, hotel guests, after room rates are already paid, often have to pay additional charges for services such as Internet access, parking, and use of a safe, a fitness center, and a pool."
"It organizes the organizational effectiveness literature, indicates which concepts are most central to the construct of organizational effectiveness, makes clear the values in which the concepts are embedded, demonstrates that the effectiveness literature and the general literature on organizational analysis are analogues of one another, and provides an overarching framework to guide subsequent efforts at organizational assessment."
"The large reductions in higher income communities are significantly driven by voluntary shelter-in-place behavior."
"Some suggestive evidence is provided from airline ads in newspapers."
"Unlike existing DPS approaches that typically require a joint model for all variables, MORE requires no modeling of nonconfidential variables and thus further increases the robustness of secure databases."
"$6.50)—reviewed by James R. Jackson."
"In §3 the possibility of convex purchasing cost is allowed."
"We estimate a structural demand model on the station network to learn the preference parameters and use the estimated model to provide insights on the design and expansion of the bike-share system."
"We show that an agent should be compensated more for making a correct rather than an incorrect prediction, and for agreeing rather than disagreeing with colleagues."
"On his first encounter with a possible action, the person obtains some preliminary information about its actual value, and at this point he can take the action, he can continue looking, or, at a certain cost, he can perform a test and obtain some more information about its actual value."
"Queueing problems in which a customer having received a unit of service, returns to the waiting line, under some decision rule, to receive another unit of service occur often in applications."
"Two of the managers were directly responsible for proposing the salary budget of EDP."
"Salomon, M., L. G. Kroon, R. Kuik, L. N. Van Wassenhove."
"We investigate how to allocate work in stochastic assembly systems so as to maximize throughput."
"We prove this result by showing that these models satisfy a recently-established sufficient condition for the optimality of (s, S) policies."
"John Wiley & Sons, Inc., New York, 1958."
"They may reduce their own absorptive capacity or increase the transparency of their own operations to facilitate their partner’s learning."
"For the patient pickup process, which is less standardized, greater partner exposure directly improves performance."
"Collectively, the evidence suggests that firms use voluntary disclosures to tacitly collude."
"Even the lines performed do not change the set."
"The dependence of the critical numbers as a function of stochastic ordering amongst distributions is developed under various conditions."
"This property is also used in deriving some of the bounds."
"failure"
"Prior literature has shown that, for a symmetric information setting, supplier encroachment into a reseller's market can mitigate double marginalization and benefit both the supplier and the reseller."
"This effect is further amplified when the analogous distance between the markets increases, i.e., when searching in far versus near analogous markets."
"Recent developments, promising new directions, and novel methods in leadership research are described."
"The procedure is divided into two phases, the first of which determines whether any redistributions should be made at all."
"These experts evaluated ventures by reading succinct summaries of the ventures without meeting the founding teams, and their evaluations were not disclosed to the entrepreneurs."
"Detailed analysis of the activities associated with the information-processing function were also made."
"To my knowledge, this is the first study of closed-loop supply chains in a C2C context."
"A heuristic programming solution to a nonlinear cutting-stock problem."
"In this article, we explore the connection between information system design and incentives for project search."
"During model-fitting, variances of the errors are computed at different forecast leadtimes."
"The competitive coefficient defines the indirect gain or loss to a competitor as a result of losses or gains by the other competitors."
"However, when we consider a product line, it is not clear whether the manufacturer is better off basing its allocation on the sales history of the entire product line or solely on the sales history of the product in short supply."
"This paper was accepted by Yan Chen, decision analysis."
"In this paper, we provide the first direct comparison of both theories within the same context."
"The problem of distribution of effort is that of the optimal allocation of a given resource among various activities, that is, maximize ∑i=1nfi(xi) subject to ∑i=1nxi = w, xi ≥ 0."
"The study focuses on interdependencies between business units in product R&D-intensive businesses that produce consumer products or industrial products."
"Management Sci.33(January) 124–129.)"
"This need is particularly pressing in the field of work measurement."
"The Schwarz criterion performed best overall in terms of selection accuracy, accuracy of posterior probabilities, and ease of use."
"We call this the R&D deterrence effect of price and show that it induces equilibrium prices that may exceed the multiproduct monopoly prices and even dissipate the consumer benefits of innovation."
"If this paucity of external communication means that the team has the information it needs for product development, and the QFD process has provided an effective means for moving the information through the team, it is a positive impact of QFD."
"We also discuss the role of unobserved patient factors, which physicians may discretionarily account for when making admission decisions, and show that including these unobservables could result in a more than threefold increase in benefits compared to just optimizing the policy over the observable patient factors."
"We consider a number of procurement contracting strategies, and identify a simple strategy, expected margin commitment (EMC), that effectively promotes collaboration."
"This paper deals with the analysis of a queueing process involving two classes of customers where the arrival mechanism of each class is subject to a particular control doctrine based on the queue length."
"Through a series of experiments, this paper provides a caution to such a focus."
"Optimal prices under the co-optor role are higher than under the other roles."
"This paper is concerned with a multi-product dynamic nonstationary inventory problem in which the system is reviewed at the beginning of each of a sequence of periods of equal length."
"Our comparison shows that skill-chaining strategies have the potential to be robust and efficient methods for implementing workforce agility in serial production lines."
"we employ both the probability and certainty equivalence methods to explore bias."
"Our approach involves: (a) defining behavioral models to build consideration sets as subsets of the products on offer, (b) proposing a clustering algorithm for determining customer segments, and (c) deriving marginal distributions for partial preferences under the multinomial logit model."
"This study presents a new methodology for testing changes in skewness between time periods (or samples) using the bootstrap method."
"If utility product maximization is used to determine the group choice, as an agreed upon arbitration process when utilities are assigned to the alternatives by each group member but without interpersonal comparability, some examples are presented to illustrate the results of this method."
"The Chebyshev problem is to determine a point xα which solves maxα min i = 1,…, N{gi(x)}."
"However, within the subsample of firms that disclose their lawsuits, I find that firms with a higher level of disclosure regarding their pending lawsuits are rewarded with lower yields."
"We demonstrate the validity of our results in the face of forward-looking consumers and homophily in word-of-mouth engagement."
"failure"
"Interestingly, the author suggests that Ryan O'Neal and Ali McGraw (who said the famous quote) were wrong—apologies are more frequent in long relationships, early in relationships, and between better-matched partners."
"These benefits are more likely in the United States and in countries where bank competition is high."
"General systems theory: The skeleton of science."
"We study an order promising problem in a multiclass, available-to-promise (ATP) assembly system in the presence of pseudo orders."
"Emphasizing the interplay between horizontal and vertical identity ambiguity, we argue furthermore that status-inconsistent units that are related to the core business units within a firm are more likely to be divested."
"Buying (selling) by liquidity demanders below (above) round numbers yield losses approaching $1 billion per year."
"It is concluded that such economic variables as investment in plant and equipment, employment, and earnings are positively related to the distribution of scientific talent, although these relationships are relatively inelastic."
"In an online supplement, we present brief summaries of the 250 articles we have identified as falling in the domain of our department."
"Early consumers do not observe product quality prior to purchase but can learn it after purchase and share that product-quality information with later consumers—for example, through online reviews."
"Final product demand rates may vary among the retail nodes, but at each retail node the demand rate is assumed to be known, constant, and continuous."
"This paper was accepted by Giesecke Kay, finance."
"We use the responses of 3.3 million survey takers who had been randomly exposed to 9,596 online display (banner) advertising campaigns to explore how privacy regulation in the European Union (EU) has influenced advertising effectiveness."
"Taken together, the two models therefore suggest that the firm’s optimal product-policy response to the growth in social interactions depends on both the content and the structure of the underlying conversations."
"We find that the great majority of the error in estimating the cost of equity capital is found in the risk premium estimate, and relatively small errors are due to the risk measure, or beta."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"Examining nearly 370,000 inventory records from 37 stores of one retailer, we find 65% to be inaccurate."
"We find that the high-quality seller can distinguish herself by allocating less capacity than the low-quality seller in the advance period."
"It is observed that the queue with finite waiting room is a special case of this model."
"Conditions under which it is optimal to allocate A/n units at each stage, when A is your initial fortune, are presented."
"The fundamental concept is to make some ordinal scales among proposals."
"Timing results are given for a standard set of problems found in the literature."
"The algorithm is based on the standard dynamic programming approach which requires the computation of the minimal costs for all possible subplans of the production plan."
"We find that social media referrals promote directed news consumption—visits with fewer articles, shorter durations, yet higher reading completion rates—compared with nonsocial referrals."
"Event history analyses show that new ventures with founders having direct and indirect relationships with venture investors are most likely to receive venture funding and are less likely to fail."
"However, the l1 norm is not appropriate for modelling actual travel distances under the same circumstances."
"Consequently, such a problem may be solved by enumerating just its feasible 1-ceiling points."
"An entire zone is assigned to one school, thus preserving the neighborhood school concept."
"We propose a robust risk management approach to deal with the problem of catastrophic climate change that incorporates both risk and model uncertainty."
"In linear programming under uncertainty the two-stage problem is handled by assuming that one chooses a first set of constrained decision variables; this is followed by observations of certain random variables after which another set of decisions must be made to adjust for any constraint violations."
"failure"
"Moreover, we generalize the serial scheduling scheme in order to get fast approximation methods."
"The conditions include typical assumptions, such as the convexity and differentiability of the expected one period holding and shortage cost."
"We find that the stationary level models improve prediction beyond approximately two days ahead, and that these models perform well in comparison with sophisticated benchmarks."
"The method differs from classical optimization algorithms of convex programming in that it determines at each iteration the optimal value of at least one variable."
"Using 128 events of negative endorser publicity between 1988 and 2016 affecting firms in 230 cases, this study offers new and economically relevant insights."
"This maximization problem is solved explicitly, using the functional equation technique of dynamic programming."
"This framework is used to address issues such as quality costs and benefits and the economics of investments in quality."
"The optimal best-fit parameters are reported in addition to other observations which should be useful to users of distance models."
"In addition to setting price discounts, retailers need to decide how to schedule promotion vehicles, such as flyers and TV commercials."
"The cost of maintaining application software has been rapidly escalating, and is currently estimated to comprise from 50–80% of corporate information systems department budgets."
"The two-culture problem, and its inhibiting effect upon advancements in marketing science, is discussed."
"For problems with Gaussian data, we develop approximations that allow the efficient implementation of the optimal policy and the evaluation of its performance."
"For example, observing an additional person in the queue or an additional arrival to the queue leads to an increase in abandonment probability equivalent to a 25-minute or 5-minute increase in wait time, respectively."
"Physical constraints and economic considerations restrict the number and type of pattern which can be used."
"This creates an interesting, one-sided “free-rider” problem, where the downstream would wait to free-ride on the upstream's first move, but not vice versa."
"A numerical example, a model construction example, and a description of a particular existing computer system are included in order to clarify the mode of operation of the method."
"Thus these decisions determine the very competitiveness of the firm."
"The problem was to discover patterns in our technologically advanced economy which would give top management a new basis for planning profit."
"Twenty different sets of assumptions are considered, but it is shown that the maximin and minimax theories of the resulting games are all reducible in substance to those of just three games: (i) in which the decision maker cannot probability mix his choices at all, and his opponent observes both choices; (ii) in which the decision maker can mix arbitrarily, and his opponent observes neither of his choices; or (iii) in which the decision maker can mix decision functions only, and his opponent observes only the information function."
"An algorithm for determining the appropriate initial-data truncation point for univariate output is proposed."
"For instance, the telecommunications industry relies on chip makers like Intel that embed their chips into products."
"But later the theory is extended also to cases where the different players' subjective probability distributions fail to satisfy this consistency assumption."
"Managerial decisions for each firm include labor employment offerings and wage rate, product sales offerings and product prices, production and inventory, plant expansion, money borrowing, sales credit, and dividends paid to stockholders."
"Although this pricing mechanism is attractive in practice, finding optimal bundle prices is difficult because it involves characterizing distributions of the maximum partial sums of order statistics."
"In line with the rule and the banks’ public compliance announcements, we find that those banks that are affected by the Volcker Rule already reduced their trading books relative to their total assets 2.34% more than other banks."
"The results obtained in this paper should be valuable in developing and evaluating cache-management policies."
"In addition, the empirical results imply negative expected equity risk premiums for some inverted term structures."
"This paper studies the influence of supply-side and demand-side factors on the compensation of information technology (IT) professionals and considers the human capital and institutional explanations."
"Throughout this evolution, the focus on applied problems and the goal of improving practice through the development of suitable theory has remained constantThe Operations and Supply Chains Department promotes the theory underlying the practice of operations management, which encompasses the design and management of the transformation processes in manufacturing and service organizations that create value for society."
"This paper characterizes the conditions for strong risk aversion and second-order stochastic dominance for cumulative prospect theory."
"New York: Academic Press Inc., 1966, 592 pp.,"
"Results indicate that at the 0.01 significance level, 57.8% of the dyads can be rejected as not having achieved Nash solutions."
"This paper examines the problems of coordinating and controlling divisions of a large firm."
"With two competing platforms—incumbent facing favorable expectations and entrant facing unfavorable expectations—and multi-homing on one side of the market, the incumbent always invests (weakly) more in first-party content relative to the case in which it is a monopolist."
"We illustrate the welfare benefit of this subsidy and study how the social costs and benefits change with the duration of industry distress."
"The authors examine trade-offs over risk and time and describe how these might be perceived psychologically by the decision maker."
"Rockafellar's outstanding book, [3], is used as a basic reference; it contains a wealth of background and historical information."
"This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"An algorithm for estimator construction is presented and proven to apply to any given activity network."
"Although such policies can perform very well, they are generally not guaranteed to be interpretable; that is, a decision maker may not be able to easily see the link between the current system state and the policy’s action."
"Monthly data for a three–year period on various financial and nonfinancial measures of hospital performance and technology usage were analyzed."
"1982."
"The functions necessary for successful product mission accomplishment are outlined and the role of systems analysts in the performance of these functions is emphasized."
"The second is supervision, wherein evaluation either is handled directly or is closely monitored by headquarters."
"The interpersonal roles describe the manager as figurehead, external liaison, and leader; the information processing roles describe the manager as the nerve center of his organisation's information system; and the decision-making roles suggest that the manager is at the heart of the system by which organizational resource allocation, improvement, and disturbance decisions are made."
"The authors identify two sources of dynamics: portfolio inertia and service stickiness."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2843.This paper was accepted by Lauren Cohen, finance."
"Do prosocial corporate marketing messages promote consumers’ altruistic behaviors, or do they advance self-interested and self-indulgent actions?"
"Our findings shed light on how formal contract terms can influence informal (relational) contracts between business partners."
"For the quadratic model our main result is that cost performance improves monotonically as the planning horizon is lengthened."
"—Editorial by Martin Kenneth Starr, Columbia University—Letter to the Editor—Free-for-All by Clifford G. Bigelow, P.E., Glenside, Pennsylvania—Letter to the Editor—Free-for-All by Milton D. Rubin, Secretary-Treasurer, Society of General Systems Research, P.O. Box 228, Bedford, Massachusetts 01730"
"Contract termination at default may also improve the ability of other firms to meet their obligations through access to collateral."
"Our robustness tests provide some evidence that is consistent with our effects being driven by our preferred channel."
"It sequences the machines one by one, successively, taking each time the machine identified as a bottleneck among the machines not yet sequenced."
"Columbia University Press, New York, 1958—reviewed by C. C. Lienau."
"The same basic model structure is shown to be applicable to several types of gasoline marketing promotions and to various nongasoline promotions as well."
"The proposed model and the methodology are implemented using real call center arrival data."
"We first consider the case when the quantities are estimated using naive simulation; i.e., when no variance reduction technique is used."
"This, in turn, can have an effect on the manufacturer's optimal allocation mechanism."
"Book Reviews—Frisch, Ragnar."
"These criteria extend the ones used in the first- and second-order stochastic dominance framework."
"Because of the difficulties that most people experience in freeing themselves from current operating constraints and in thinking significantly beyond the current time frame in which they exist, a series of psychological exercises were designed to make the participants aware (1) of the source of the difficulties and, as an important side benefit, (2) of the often deep and intense psychological differences between them."
"By showing how to solve this dual we derive a computationally straightforward method of solution for the optimum portfolio proportions and obtain a condition for every security to be held."
"25, No."
"A shortage function is defined that looks for possible increases in return and skewness and decreases in variance."
"We consider large contact centers that handle two types of jobs—inbound and outbound—simultaneously, a process commonly referred to as call blending."
"We also find that facilities that release toxics to water undertake more technical and input modifications to their manufacturing processes when they face water scarcity."
"To gain insight into the managerial implications of this difference, we model the work of one- and two-worker systems with discretionary task completion as controlled queues."
"Our results illustrate that entry may potentially provide firms with additional strategic advantage in later markets and that entry spillovers may be an important factor to consider in the equilibrium evolution of the generic drug industry."
"Such systems should explicitly consider the task, the information system in place to measure performance, and the riskiness of the business."
"Our results offer a new interpretation of manufacturing-marketing conflict as a strategic tool that can enhance firm profits."
"Models representing these two strategies are developed and compared."
"Techniques such as mathematical programming, simulation, Bayesian analysis, multivariate analysis, and Markov analysis have become everyday production and research tools to the Advertising Industry."
"We propose that managers underestimate the full value of some means of pollution reduction and so under exploit these means."
"A new model, with variable buffer-size, is introduced as a conceptual tool to model part of a tandem network with blocking, using only product-form submodels."
"We also discuss how these algorithms perform on practical data."
"Furthermore, if firms also consider advance-purchase discounts, which are also simple to administer, then the coordination of the supply chain and the arbitrary allocation of its profit is possible."
"Interestingly, the possibility of work-arounds can sometimes increase the social cost due to the negative externalities imposed by the users who are able to use the work-arounds on the users who are not."
"The structural framework consists of a generalized schematic involving materials, energy, capital equipment, populations, orders, information and cash flows through transducing, policy, etc.,"
"As it is, I can do no more than treat Mr. Wood's nine propositions as opinions instead of conclusions, declare which of these opinions I share, and which I do not, and indicate my reasons for rejecting some of them."
"The new model generates optimal solutions more rapidly, solves problems with more shift alternatives, and does not generate schedules violating the operative restrictions on break timing."
"We develop a simultaneous equation model of demand and supply with product line and other marketing actions, which can be used to identify reaction and anticipation elasticities through the rational expectations approach."
"The purpose of this note is to show that Ruefli's Generalized Goal Decomposition Model does not allow one to interpret the solution routine as a decentralized process with respect to information processing and decision making."
"Amsterdam.]."
"It uses the emptiness of the other blocks to save space and computation."
"This study extends the results of a paper on inventory models by H. M. Wagner and T. M. Whitin."
"We then present a unified approach to crew rostering."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"A general model for sales resource allocation is developed which incorporates multiple sales resources, multiple time periods and carryover effects, non-separability, and risk."
"A parallel algorithm which can be implemented on a multiprocessor is presented."
"Using mortgage data, this paper evaluates a series of proxy approaches (geo, surname, geo-surname, and Bayesian Improved Surname Geocoding (BISG)) as compared with the race/ethnicity reported under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA)."
"In the extensive literature on learning curves, scholars have ignored outcome measures of organizational performance evaluated by customers."
"The latter contract alleviates this problem but introduces misalignment of incentives between the firm and the MSSPs and eliminates the advantages offered by complementarity between prevention and detection functions, which may lead to a worse outcome than the current contract."
"The authors suggest that transient or short-term focused management are more likely to fail to provide effective earnings guidance."
"Regret arises when a consumer initially chooses to wait but encounters stockout later, or when the consumer buys the product at the high price but realizes that the product is still available at the markdown price."
"Errata to Freeman, Raoul J. 1957."
"Consistent with these hypotheses, we find that the remaining target analysts provide more accurate earnings forecasts and more optimistic stock recommendations and growth forecasts for the merged firms than do the remaining acquirer analysts."
"Weekly demands for 126 items over an 18-week selling season provide the empirical data."
"Measuring the Investment Performance of Pension Funds for the Purpose of Inter-Fund Comparison, Bank Administration Institute, Park Ridge, Illinois.],"
"failure"
"Results suggest that increased licensing is due primarily to an increased willingness of faculty and administrators to license and increased business reliance on external R&D rather than a shift in faculty research."
"For series systems, inequalities are obtained for the BAO and superimposed renewal (SR) models for distributions of number of failures and time between failures."
"The two other bounds are found to be effective for a particular problem class."
"However, their predictions are at times contradictory and there is relatively little empirical evidence with which to evaluate them."
"A number of authors have considered mathematical models for scheduling rates of production to meet a projected series of requirements."
"Simultaneously reducing setup times and lot sizes is found to be the single most effective way to cut inventory levels and improve customer service."
"Second, a theoretical argument is developed that explains voluntary exit and chronic failure by introducing a proxy of organizational inertia in a model of strategic Cournot duopoly."
"We fully characterize the division rules using only this sparse information in the most efficient possible way while giving everyone a fair share."
"The answer to the first question is that although there is clearly some redundancy in the ideas generated by aggregating parallel efforts, this redundancy is quite small in absolute terms in our data, even for a narrowly defined domain."
"In the context of data mining, sensitive information often takes the form of itemsets that need to be suppressed before the data is released."
"The effect is biggest at even dollar amounts, then 50-cent markers, and so on."
"1138–1145, I noticed some errors in the proof of Theorem A.5 in the Appendix which made the proof somewhat incomplete."
"This paper studies an emerging business model of line-sitting in which customers seeking service can hire others (line-sitters) to wait in line on behalf of them."
"An optimal final inventory model."
"Usually, for each type of interruption, a separate queueing analysis is required."
"These incentives differ starkly from actual programs."
"We demonstrate that strategic behavior by consumers can have serious impacts on revenues if firms ignore that behavior in their dynamic pricing policies."
"The paper also investigates the effects of the model parameters, such as the failure distribution parameters and differences in consumer behavior in claiming warranties on warranty costs per unit."
"An examination of the technological input to these business games shows that competitors will invest funds to improve efficiency only when their marginal utility of money is well below that represented by the fixed interest rate."
"failure"
"Subsequently, we show that the buy-back payments transfered to the retailers for postconsumer goods provide a wholesale pricing flexibility that can be used to price discriminate between retailers of different profitability."
"A structurally diverse work group is one in which the members, by virtue of their different organizational affiliations, roles, or positions, can expose the group to unique sources of knowledge."
"Any collected information has costs—but no benefits—as the information becomes obsolete."
"Our model sheds light on recent and historical trends in measured systemic risk."
"In addition to the basic investment-financing issue there are other interrelated problems such as the payment schedule and the minimal cash balance that directly affect cash management decisions."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1969, 190 pp.,"
"Interestingly, if the sign-up bonus is permanent, younger consumers may strategically postpone adoption."
"Experiment 3 examines what constitutes “all” in the giving-it-all-up effect."
"Res."
"In previous work, thresholds have been introduced to describe situations where the consumer is indifferent between any two alternatives."
"failure"
"Nonequilibrium behavior emerges when players do not perform enough thinking steps."
"This paper studies competition between firms whose “products” (content) are generated by their customers (users)."
"Monetary incentives, such as subsidies or bonuses, are often considered as a way to foster contributions to public goods in society and firms."
"Finally, we identify the Tchebycheff problem (l2 norm) with a class, of bottleneck quadratic assignment problems and give an efficient algorithm for solving it."
"We also show that proprietary content providers should benefit from having some free content available at the Internet service providers' sites to induce more customers to join the Internet."
"These must be assigned to a fixed set of men whose qualities are different but known."
"This paper was accepted by Karl Diether, finance."
"report the results of a survey of authors and readers of Management Science, and discuss some interesting implications on the Designing of Scientific Journals."
"In a field setting with longitudinal data, the authors disentangle the effects of learning new information from the effects of personal experience."
"A common theme in the studies of flexible supply contracts has been the producer's profit-maximization problem without regard to the suppliers' reactions."
"Instead, these findings provide evidence of asymmetric effectiveness of small vice and virtue proportions at addressing taste and health goals, respectively."
"The Internet appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2851.This paper was accepted by Neng Wang, finance."
"We report extensive computational testing on all the problems available from the literature."
"This paper presents simple approximations for networks of queues with overtime operation at some stations."
"A large percentage of debt reports do not induce any immediate debt market return reaction but do induce an equity return reaction, which is consistent with new information being provided despite the absence of a debt market reaction."
"In some dispute with Professor Flood's philosophy (Flood, Merrill M. 1956."
"We conclude with a discussion of the implications of our findings for theories of organizational learning, new product development, and converging markets."
"We study an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) purchasing two inputs for assembly from two suppliers with private cost information."
"Similarly, although vendor economic distance has a positive influence on the outsourcing firm's shareholder value, vendor cultural distance has a negative influence."
"The result accounts for possibly binding borrowing constraints and holds for very general specification of income uncertainty, which can follow any kind of stochastically monotone process."
"The model applies to loyalty card transaction data without predefined categories or product attributes to predict customer-specific purchase probabilities in response to marketing actions."
"The principal conclusion of the research reported here is that the mesa phenomenon—the relative insensitivity of the outcome of resource allocation decisions in the neighborhood of the optimum—applies to the allocation of management resources as well."
"The model is solved for the optimal values of these decision variables, and some illustrative numerical results are presented."
"Obviously in these cases, oral communication is relegated to occasional national or international meetings or telephone discussions."
"John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1959, $2.95—reviewed by Martin Shubik."
"Many studies have looked at earnings potential of different career choices, but few have looked at the individual factors that contribute to career choice and the resulting self-sorting and earnings evolution."
"After observing the board’s compensation and investment policies, shareholders use Bayes’s rule to update the probability that the board is captured."
"Does the payment scheme have an effect on inventory decisions in the newsvendor problem?"
"Many models in operations management involve dynamic decision making that assumes optimal updating in response to information revelation."
"The impact of demand variability and the economic parameters on contract choice are explored through numerical examples."
"The authors estimate that marketing actions can be used to boost quarterly net income by up to 5% depending on the depth and duration of promotion."
"The paper describes the results of an experimental test of a theoretical model which explains under what circumstances the interaction between MIS-users and EDP-specialists during the design of an information system will lead to success (i.e., efficient task-accomplishment)."
"Although the analyst may impose various functional specifications exogenously, this approach is ad hoc, tedious, and reliant on various metrics to decide which specification is “best.”"
"The results of a simulation study are reported to illustrate the usefulness of this estimation method in empirical applications when there are a priori reasons to expect increasing marginal products in some regions of the production function."
"John Riordan."
"failure"
"The importance of addressing this issue is that research over the past few decades has attributed Japan's increasing competitiveness to its propensity to process innovate."
"1960."
"The insight for management: A new choice model can be used to better predict probabilistic choices."
"Furthermore, liquidity shocks are typically isolated and transitory."
"There is an emerging debate in the scholarly literature regarding the extent to which academic human capital contributes to firm performance."
"A general proof of the reversibility property is given."
"Goal programming has now become an important tool in areas such as public management science."
"Marginal and average costs, fixed and variable costs are not always obvious, and appropriate data are not always available, so managers use rules of thumb for allocating costs."
"There can exist strategic complementarity in sophistication acquisition, leading to multiple equilibria."
"Dropping a supplier changes the network topology, reducing competition and thereby increasing the buyer’s input cost arising from an equilibrium."
"A majority appears to choose a harmful contract: While the average effect on bank savings is large, 55% of clients default and incur monetary losses."
"This study was undertaken to satisfy a management need to plan for its investment in terminals."
"Policymakers have raised concerns that dominant platforms may be leveraging their market power to gain traction for lower quality products when they use a tying strategy."
"New York: Vantage Press, 1967, $3.75, 190 pp;—Angrist, Stanley W. and Loren G. Hepler, Order and Chaos, Laws of Energy and Entropy."
"Management Sci.13(5, January).]."
"The optimal solution, although better balancing supply and demand around the shock, quite interestingly also ends up inducing movement away from it."
"In these circumstances, a major issue concerns the equity or fairness afforded members of the public."
"Finally, we demonstrate the generalizability of our framework for player evaluation by quantifying the value of potential free agent additions and uncovering the true “MVP” of a team."
"Examples may be found in healthcare (emergency department physicians), contact centers (agents handling multiple online chats simultaneously) and social welfare agencies (social workers with multiple clients)."
"Specifically, we find that SOHO professionals' procurement choices are influenced by a number of salient dimensions (i.e., income, performance, price, interpurchase time, network externalities)."
"In this setting where perfect information is available, problems of risk aversion and risk sharing do not arise, and a minimum test for optimality of a control structure is given."
"Solution of a linear programming model which represents visitor movement via transition matrices can help identify park capacity for visitors seeking various recreational experiences."
"The paper presents a heuristic for determining the path that maximizes the expected utility of a stochastic acyclic network."
"The demand for outdoor recreation areas, such as national parks and forests, is growing."
"This policy, the “random joint order policy,” operates through the determination of a reorder range within which several items can be ordered."
"The policies are compared according to their abilities to integrate housing projects, applicant assignment probabilities, and mean waiting times."
"A procedure is given for approximating the equilibrium behavior of multi-server loss systems having distinguishable servers and multiple customer types under light to moderate traffic intensity."
"Early and normal communication can be used to “smooth” compensation across periods and, hence, generally have incremental value over delayed communication if the agent cannot borrow or save."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"When using price packs, direct mail coupons, FSI coupons or peel-off coupons, consumers obtain an immediate benefit upon purchase or a front-loaded incentive."
"paper on the ADVISOR studies and its relationship to their work with the PIMS data calls for clarification of the methodology, objectives and results of both studies."
"It can be used both for risk (known probabilities) and for uncertainty (unknown probabilities)."
"This mode is examined in the context of Monte Carlo experiments with regression models; these regression models may serve as metamodels in simulation experiments."
"When nonserial precedence relationships are involved, this problem cannot be solved by routine invocation of conventional dynamic programming formulations or algorithms."
"The reader is therefore cautioned that the publication of any Communication implies neither scientific standing nor acceptance per se on the part of either Management Science or TIMS.On Significance of the Second Kind by Miles Kennedy."
"Naval Res."
"The major conclusion of this research is that effectiveness can be measured by a simple count of the number of publications in respectable journals."
"On the other hand, a disaggregate analysis (i.e., at the component level) provides more accurate results, but may be costly and impractical."
"It is also shown that the restrictions on the transition matrix are not only sufficient but “almost necessary” if the result is to hold for all possible choices of L(·)."
"For the 92 test problems with 5 to 200 constraints and 20 to 900 variables on which the procedure was run, the time used to solve the linear program on the average considerably exceeded the time used for everything else."
"Whether the marketplace or the reseller mode is preferred depends on whether independent suppliers or the intermediary have more important information relevant to the optimal tailoring of marketing activities for each specific product."
"p0 = 1 − λE(k)/μ represents the probability of an idle system, of the system at rest."
"We also show that the equal-cost-split arrangement shifts the benefit of free-riding to the upstream, thereby mitigating the negative impacts in many cases."
"This analysis is applied to the problem of retirement investing."
"Employing this framework as lens, we develop propositions."
"Employing a utility-maximizing customer model, we investigate the production, pricing, downconversion, and allocation decisions in a two-class, stochastic-demand, stochastic-yield coproduction system."
"The parameter estimates imply that uncertainty shocks can explain 72% of asset contraction and 70% of deleveraging in the shadow banking sector."
"Our results have important implications for the ongoing debate regarding hedge fund regulation."
"Diversification is a basic economic principle that helps to hedge against uncertainty."
"There is also some evidence of negative returns around earnings announcements for firms that previously issued guidance, suggesting that guidance does not entirely correct optimistic earnings expectations."
"336–343."
"Finally, the temporary decrease in year-end working capital is correlated with compensation benchmarks and analysts’ annual cash flow forecasts."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"Hence, the objective of this paper is twofold."
"Finally, we recommend ways for broadcasters to balance their portfolio of booked ads by determining the optimal overbooking level and mix of ads as a function of their associated revenues generated and penalties incurred."
"Despite a recent surge in corporate activism, with firm leaders communicating about social-political issues unrelated to their core businesses, we know little about its strategic implications."
"We find that the level of team familiarity (i.e., the average number of times that each member has worked with every other member of the team) has a significant positive effect on performance, but we observe that conventional measures of the experience of individual team members (e.g., years at the firm) are not consistently related to performance."
"The aims and context of the field of operational support are discussed from the point of view of the ex ante (before the fact) designer and ex post (after the fact) operating personnel."
"Agglomeration economies and the ban on noncompete covenants may influence spinoff entry, but spinoffs promote mobility even in the absence of those conditions."
"The insight for management: Understanding the relationship between the preferences of individuals and the preferences of the aggregate economy is crucial for understanding the connection between the behavioral finance literature, which focuses on individual preferences, and the asset-pricing literature, which focuses on aggregate prices."
"Price changes are set to compensate for statistical fluctuations of demand and to respond to shifts of the reservation price."
"Firms take into consideration the actions of their rivals, as well as their own demand and cost functions (both production and advertising) when determining the profit-maximizing price and advertising levels."
"Pricing Kernels with Stochastic Skewness and Volatility Risk (p. 624)Fousseni Chabi-YoHow are investor utility and stock prices affected by price volatility, and vice versa?"
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"A letter was sent to a sample of educators asking for their statement that would be published in Management Science."
"Also, costs are assessed for orders placed by the depot."
"We study whether and what types of repeated interactions improve current production success, and under what conditions."
"We study the optimal control of a queueing system with Poisson input and a server capable of serving an infinite number of customers per batch."
"An analysis of the model results in several important findings."
"The weapon systems management concept, and more particularly its civilian counterpart the product mission concept, is presented as a possible frame of reference for top management and systems analysts to use in long-range planning."
"The results show the bootstrap method to be more powerful than the other method."
"Probability-based decisions can be made via calculation of expected values; however, in the face of ambiguity, decision makers must make decisions with unknown probabilities—a much harder proposition."
"In mechanism design theory it is common to assume that agents can perfectly report their preferences, even in complex settings in which this assumption strains reality."
"Application of the Partition Programming method to a typical large manufacturing-transportation system will be described, including computational experience."
"Previous studies dealing with product growth have dealt only with substitution effects among successive generations of one product category and not with complementarity and competition provided by related product categories."
"Finally, the relevance of these investors' subjective expectations is supported by the finding of a significant link between their expectations and portfolio choices."
"The July, I960, issue of Management Science contains an English translation of an important original article by L. V. Kantorovich [Kantorovich, L. V. Mathematical Methods of Organizing and Planning Production."
"In addition, we compare estimates of technical efficiencies of individual hospitals obtained from the two methods."
"Moreover, we show that a higher quality can soften competition by inducing more information acquisition, thus benefiting the rival firm’s profitability."
"In proximal decision analysis the value of a decision depends on a vector of state variables s and a vector of decision variables d in a quadratic fashion."
"In particular, the project time minimization procedure results in less complex dynamic programming models and is thus employed in this paper."
"The experimental results lend support for the Pareto-superior equilibrium."
"In this paper, we use a hierarchical Bayes approach to estimate the lifetime value of each customer at each purchase occasion by jointly modeling the purchase timing, purchase amount, and risk of defection from the firm for each customer."
"Keeney and Raiffa (Keeney, R. L., H. Raiffa."
"The model may be particularly useful in situations where market rates and market prices do not properly reflect values as is the case for some public goods."
"We also analyze the case in which the firm can choose its initial capacity and find that, from the firm’s perspective, capacity and BI insurance could be either substitutes or complements."
"This paper is concerned with queueing systems of several service stations in series in which each station may consist of multi-servers."
"The derivation and use of this information is then illustrated by an example."
"3–4 (April–July 1955), pp."
"For model-based decision support systems, the effects of user vs. system-guided model manipulation, variable vs. exception-based report content, and display of incremental changes vs. actual outcomes on strategy formulation were investigated in a laboratory experiment with 46 undergraduate business students."
"Although the use of social punishments generally is socially inefficient, it lessens the need for high bonus pay, which allows the firm to extract rents from the worker."
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"The authors find that inventory quantities exhibit a consistent decreasing pattern in the order of schemes O, S, and C, with the order quantities of scheme S being close to the expected-profit-maximizing solution."
"Specifically, using a precisely constructed matched sample, we estimate the effect of a scientist becoming a Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) Investigator on citations to articles the scientist published before the prize was awarded."
"The object is to minimize the expected total cost of the system over a finite number of time periods."
"This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"However algorithms which must be applied only to mixed integer problems are not surveyed."
"Databases play a central role in evidence-based innovations in business, economics, social, and health sciences."
"Top scholars in the field address many of the ways in which companies can synchronize their marketing and operations departments or their supply chain partners to improve competitiveness and profit."
"The purpose of the current paper is to combine the classical results of Kaplan (Kaplan, R. 1970."
"We compare two alternative policies, representing different modes of collecting and utilizing information."
"To enable density forecasting of the arrival volume and rate, we develop a Poisson count model, with gamma distributed arrival rate, which captures the essential features of this exponential smoothing method."
"For firms with an ecosystem of complements, a 1% increase in the use of nonpecuniary OSS leads to an increase in value-added productivity of between 0.002% and 0.008%."
"Preventing information leakage may result in higher profits not only for the informed retailer and supplier but surprisingly even for the uninformed retailer."
"We consider a scenario in which a large equipment manufacturer wishes to outsource the work involved in repairing purchased goods while under warranty."
"The conditions are fairly general and are likely to be satisfied by most improving technologies."
"We document that the shares of both bonus and option pay increase with performance and that the pay level and the extent of incentive pay positively affect firm performance."
"We demonstrate the personalization approach using ticket purchase data from an airline carrier."
"Hence, capacity reservation contracts are more likely to be implemented in practice in such bidirectional alliances."
"I test the model's predictions by the generalized method of moments and data from a large cross section of publicly traded firms."
"We present a new approach to pricing American-style derivatives that is applicable to any Markovian setting (i.e., not limited to geometric Brownian motion) for which European call-option prices are readily available."
"This paper examines a practicable linear allocation model for optimizing shelf-space allocation."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, finance."
"This paper presents the theoretical foundations for a new approach to integer programming."
"Computational results indicate a potential cost savings of hundreds of millions of dollars annually for long-distance companies."
"It is the purpose of this paper to suggest that inventory control operations involve two distinct types of problems which may be identified as tactical decision problems and strategic decision problems."
"The axiomatic approach and the modeling approach to expert resolution are discussed, and some comments on practical issues are given."
"We study how the degree of substitution between home and destination consumption affects the equilibrium market structure of the airline industry."
"Rev. Econom."
"While Stochastic Dominance has been employed in various forms as early as 1932, it has only been since 1969–1970 that the notion has been developed and extensively employed in the area of economics, finance, agriculture, statistics, marketing and operations research."
"Our model yields a unique pure strategy Nash equilibrium."
"I find that, through accelerator feedback effects, accelerator companies close down earlier and more often, raise less money conditional on closing, and appear to be more efficient investments compared with non-accelerator companies."
"failure"
"The paths are the vehicular transportation networks, pipes and wire networks."
"Q-GERT, a network technique, was employed for the modeling and simulation effort."
"In many real-world searches, however, distributions are not entirely unknown and can be learned through experience."
"Talk delivered October 9, 1964 at the TIMS-ORSA meeting in Minneapolis."
"The breadth of an inventor's technological recombinations diminishes with time since his formal education, but the differences between scientists and engineers persist over time."
"As open source software (OSS) is increasingly used as a key input by firms, understanding its impact on productivity becomes critical."
"New York: Macmillan, 1959."
"When accounting for subsequent entry after a merger in long-run equilibrium, contrary to a common belief, a larger synergy from a merger does not necessarily benefit consumers more."
"At this point, a better perspective of the money needed was required, and the study was initiated."
"Chinese organizations are used in this paper to assess the universality of the macro and micro theories of organization that have been largely developed in North America."
"Advantage of having the programming and coding of a problem vested in one group of personnel."
"This paper identifies a number of obstacles to international generalizability, and shows how they affect technical systems research and social systems research in different ways."
"Specifically, we build formal models of the inventory decisions of manufacturers and retailers both before and after QR."
"Liquidity risk premia explain an insubstantial fraction of this spread; instead, the spread can be attributed to the differential ability of high liquidity beta funds to outperform across high and low market liquidity states, due to a differential rate of either mispricing correction or intensity of informed trading."
"Notably, although prior research has highlighted the signaling role of the wholesale price, we show how and why, in a channel with inventory, the returns price plays a relatively more important role."
"The use of mathematics in production and inventory control."
"Our findings have implications for venture financing and evolutionary theories of social processes."
"We find that highly valued, profitable firms with high-value added per employee and suppliers farther away with higher competition are more likely to outsource using purchase contracts."
"Methods are also provided for estimating technical inefficiencies and other production characteristics, such as rates of substitution and transformation, marginal products, returns to scale and most productive scale sizes on the basis of observed production data."
"Secondly, the algorithm does not require a great deal from the decision maker; he is merely required to indicate his preference between two vectors whenever the algorithm so demands."
"We show that consumer information acquisition can increase valuation heterogeneity and undermine a firm’s ability to extract consumer surplus."
"No matter which policy is used by the maintenance manager, knowledge of the associated variance provides important information about the variability of the costs that will be incurred by using this policy."
"The results suggest that reciprocal pressure in the investment banking industry has a real effect on analyst information dissemination."
"Stanford University, Stanford, California.]."
"The unknown functions in these equations have arguments which range over the set of possible inventory conditions in the process, and values which represent the minimum possible expected present value of the costs of operating the process through the indefinite future."
"This intuition further suggests that data pooling offers the most benefits when there are many problems, each of which has a small amount of relevant data."
"The strategic goals of the library are redefined with implications for the library's acquisition, shelving, and retention policies."
"Second, when the manager has a specific preference form, linear contract is optimal without lower bound on payment, but an option contract is optimal when there is an explicit lower bound."
"The experimental results confirm the value of the robust optimization approach and provide managerial insights into the operation of such systems."
"We derive a closed-form measure of performance for one of them, the familiar first-come-first-served (FCFS) policy, and propose a comparable approximation for the other, the longest-queue (LQ) policy."
"This policy quotes lead times that guarantee the same serviceability level (the fraction of tardy jobs) to all jobs."
"Researchers and managers broadly agree that coordination and harmony between manufacturing and marketing improve firm performance by eliminating suboptimal practices within the firm."
"Third, this work develops new methodology (Inductive Systems Diagrams) for field work in operations management."
"Different possible objectives of the contest designer are also discussed."
"The costs include both storage and production costs as functions of time."
"The results are consistent with previous evidence of the existence of biases in human judgment."
"We study the problem of information sharing in a supply chain with two competing manufacturers selling substitutable products through a common retailer."
"Book Review—Supervisory and Executive Development."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"Subjects order too few of high-profit products and too many of low-profit products."
"The economic interpretation of an optimal solution will be discussed, showing how the complete system shadow prices are obtained from those of the individual subproblems."
"We allow heterogeneity in the usage rates and reservation quantities for the consumers."
"Revue Roumaine Math."
"Findings that time spent planning interdisciplinary research is not associated with higher performance are different from previous findings for noninterdisciplinary research."
"Numerical analysis quantifies the optimality gaps of the heuristics (2% on average for the best heuristic) and the benefit of delivery flexibility (14% on average using the best heuristic), and provides insights into when the heuristics perform the best and when flexibility is most beneficial."
"These results are consistent with the main prediction of our theory: a scientific approach improves precision—it reduces the odds of pursuing projects with false positive returns and increases the odds of pursuing projects with false negative returns."
"The Oregon low-wage NCA ban also improved average occupational status in Oregon, raised job-to-job mobility, and increased the proportion of salaried workers without affecting hours worked."
"The game’s solution contains specialized information which may be used to conduct the efficiency evaluation currently done by the CCR ratio model of Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA)."
"There are sundry purposes to be served by graduate education in the management sciences."
"The feasibility of long-range planning for systems of information flow without reference to existing applications or hardware is also discussed."
"It also benefits consumers and improves social welfare."
"$7.00—reviewed by George Chernowitz."
"It argues that a dominant firm, seeing contraction of growth in its current segment(s), enters new segments in which it can exploit its technological strengths, but that are sufficiently distant to avoid cannibalization."
"This paper extends the results of Scarf, [8]."
"Investigation of more accurate and efficient methods of estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts was begun in the early 1950's by R. M. Cyert and R. M. Trueblood [Cyert, R. M., R. M. Trueblood."
"Network flow theory."
"This paper integrates psychological theories on how consumers process information with economic models and psychometric measurement, and it develops a theory for selecting physical features and price to achieve a profit maximizing perceptual position."
"Categories for describing and analyzing the assigned mission of an R and D lab are presented."
"This enables the use of such a simple, calibrated static model for accurately conducting fleet sizing, the determination of fleet size allocations among railroads, as well as for analyzing various “what-if” scenarios."
"The results of the classical Cyert, Davidson, and Thompson (CDT) model for estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts could be made more valuable by correcting one flaw."
"Discounts increase when the sale is urgent, market conditions are poor, and the seller is financially constrained."
"The possibility of alternative inter-floor routings is incorporated."
"The author treats the case where backorders are permissible with a cost of backorder proportional to the length of time for which the backorder exists."
"The appendix contains a presentation of that model."
"By exploiting the structure of the problem, we show that each problem can be reformulated as a “longest path” problem over a network."
"Our results also demonstrate that cost sharing and liability neither complement nor substitute each other."
"In particular, immigrant entrepreneurs with few resources of their own receive help from those possessing more resources."
"Our aim is to deepen and extend resource-level theorizing about sustainable competitive advantage."
"We examine the impact of reduced search costs on prices of commodity products in electronic marketplaces."
"We provide a model of market-level boycotts that distinguishes the two egregiousness components."
"Our results generalize and simplify several existing results for online packing and online matching and suggest a promising pathway for obtaining oracle-driven policies for other online decision-making settings."
"1688–1701."
"The specialization problem is an extreme case of the multilocation capacity expansion problem, and dynamic programming approaches for the multilocation problem can be adapted to solve the specialization problem."
"We present a theoretical account of the origin of the shapes of utility, probability weighting, and temporal discounting functions."
"If the private signal is informative about the first outcome, the incremental value of early compared with normal communication attains its maximum for “medium” informativeness."
"We also find a selection effect in promotion take-up: charity-linked promotions were disproportionately taken up by people who had already been more active customers."
"The results suggest that first-day IPO returns are related to a preference for skewness."
"This paper was accepted by Gérard P. Cachon, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"This paper characterizes optimal capacity levels and partially characterizes optimal pricing decisions under each contract."
"However, the manufacturer achieves first-best retail prices and fill rates if it can subsidize the retailers' leftover inventory."
"Under very general conditions, the most efficient temporal profile of effort exhibits a high-low-high pattern."
"Among other results, we find that if remanufacturing is very profitable, the original-equipment manufacturer may forgo some of the first-period margin by lowering the price and selling additional units to increase the number of cores available for remanufacturing in future periods."
"In the study of large, complex computer simulation models the user is often overwhelmed by the vast number of input variables."
"These insights are verified through a simulation comparison of five cellular manufacturing systems with a functional layout system in which optimal lot sizes, low move times and a part family-oriented scheduling rule are used."
"Banks optimally select correlated investments and thereby expose themselves to fire-sale risk so as to sharpen their incentives."
"Our policy experiments show that providing a carefully curated digest of social media content during the earlier stages of consumer search (i.e., on the search results summary page) can lead to a 12.01% increase in the overall search engine revenue."
"Our data suggest that the saturation effect is due to an increase in the workload requirements of the remaining patients."
"In the second application, the functionals are used in risk securitization."
"Motivated by these results, we introduce Greedy-First, a new algorithm that uses only observed contexts and rewards to determine whether to follow a greedy algorithm or to explore."
"Our approach is flexible in optimizing prices for any given bundle size."
"Technology choice allows for substitution of production across states of nature and depends on state-dependent risk aversion."
"We also evaluate changes in firm disclosure policy and find that firms that adopted an expansive public disclosure policy are more likely to turn to equity financing."
"This approach does not guarantee an absolute optimal plan, but it does provide the best plan relative to the alternatives developed by following a systematic search within the framework."
"Especially, this paper advances and tests a theory which predicts that the attitude of commitment to support decisions provides a bridge between procedural justice and extra-role behavior."
"failure"
"The detailed computer solution of a small example is given to illustrate the typical convergence characteristics of the method."
"With zero expenditure there is zero information."
"This result runs counter to established option pricing theory intuition and contributes to a better risk management in R…D projects."
"The authors conduct laboratory experiments on variants of market scoring rule prediction markets, under different information distribution patterns, to evaluate the efficiency and speed of information aggregation, and they test recent theoretical results on manipulative behavior by traders."
"For the single-class case, we establish that downconversion will not occur if prices are set optimally."
"They possess market knowledge that is critical for a wide range of decisions."
"The simulations show that cost-effectiveness decreases as the extent of priority shifting increases."
"Additional treatments suggest that the reactions to the cues are not driven by mere saliency but by the information deduced from the cues in the presence of uncertainty."
"Management Sci.28 (2) 120–124."
"Harmondsworth, Middlesex, England: Penguin Books Ltd. (Baltimore, Maryland: Penguin Books Inc.), 1969, 398 pp.,"
"We derive explicit expressions for the Fréchet–Wasserstein mean utility functionals and show that they can be expressed in terms of an expansion that provides a tractable link between risk aversion and ambiguity aversion."
"A set-covering approach for this problem was originally developed by Dantzig (1954)."
"Flexible capacity has been shown to be very effective to hedge against forecast errors at the investment stage."
"This work explores the potential of revenue-sharing contracts to facilitate information sharing in a supply chain and mitigate the negative effects of information leakage."
"Several difficulties arise when multistage optimization problems with linear constraints are extended to an infinite horizon."
"In the nonlinear case the weak Lagrangian principle is derived."
"This sufficient condition requires that the willingness of a customer to pay a premium for the product does not increase over time."
"We experimentally examine the capacity allocation game with participants motivated by financial incentives."
"This research examines the ability of decision makers to generate self-relevant objectives for consequential decisions."
"Finally, the evidence suggests that hedge fund trading in spread positions in futures impacted the shape of term structure of oil futures prices."
"The key to effective analytical support of the strategic planning process is not simply a corporate model, but an integrated system of models with appropriate software support."
"Because electricity prices can be negative, it is unclear how the presence of negative prices might affect the storage policy structure known to be optimal when prices are only nonnegative, or even how important it is to consider negative prices when managing an industrial battery."
"Internal Working Paper 49, Space Sciences Laboratory, Social Sciences Project, University of California, Berkeley, September; Mason, R. O. 1969."
"Although such statistical economies of scale are important benefits of a retail merger, the extant literature models cost savings from a merger only through reduction in a postmerger firm’s marginal cost."
"Norman R. Maier, Allen R. Solem and Ayesha A. Maier."
"Assuming one uses human judgment indirectly in this manner, we propose changing the elicitation question from the traditional direct forecast (DF) to what we call the private information adjustment (PIA): how much the human thinks the algorithm should adjust its forecast to account for information the human has that is unused by the algorithm."
"Making the adjustment, however, is likely to lead to positive developments in organizational theory."
"Section 5 is the heart of the article; it introduces the symmetry condition."
"The optimal sequencing and scheduling decisions can be derived by solving a sequence of mixed-integer programming problems, and we report the insights from our computational studies."
"In the following paper, “The Computer—New Partner in Investment Management,” Dr. Arnold E. Amstutz of the MIT Sloan School of Management describes work done on a system, where, although the data was well defined, the effort of understanding how it would be utilized and organized spread over seven years."
"When short sales were prohibited, actual portfolio performance was clearly improved, although there was little to choose between the various estimation methods."
"A model intended to predict decisions made from among alternatives having fixed characteristics is hypothesized and the experimental procedure used to test the model and the results of testing the model are presented."
"1986."
"Most auction sellers consign property to auction houses rather than holding the auction themselves."
"Most importantly, we prove that the SPO+ loss is statistically consistent with respect to the SPO loss under mild conditions."
"We find that preference sorting does play a role in generating the small firm effect: small firms attract those with prior preferences for autonomy who are similarly drawn into entrepreneurship."
"A communication model of dialectical inquiring systems—A strategy for strategic planning."
"For the finite-horizon problem, we prove that the objective function is quasi-convex and that the structure of the optimal policy is characterized by a single critical point for the initial stock level at each period."
"Finding optimal portfolios for such satisficing measures is computationally tractable."
"Homewood, Ill.: Richard D. Irwin, Inc., 1968, 220 pp.,"
"failure"
"Other properties of variance are examined, such as its relationship to KAIZEN and Just-In-Time production practices, and especially its property of impairing capacity."
"We shall be concerned with what information should be where and at what time for proper internal decision making."
"Media scheduling: a stochastic dynamic model approach."
"The process is repeated, stage by stage, thus generating an optimal sequence of decisions."
"However, this may not be the case, as detailed in the paper."
"So the problem facing the hospital at the start of each day is how many of the additional requests for elective surgery to assign for that day."
"We find that the proposed model more accurately identifies the projects that donors would like to donate to on their return in a future period, and how much they would donate, than popular personalized recommendation approaches in the literature."
"The model further suggests a simple prescriptive method based on IA that decision and risk analysts can use to reduce partition dependence, and we present preliminary empirical evidence demonstrating the effectiveness of the method."
"We apply this simple model to analyze some special cases that are motivated by real examples."
"Evaluation of MORE through Monte Carlo simulation studies and empirical applications demonstrates that it performs better than existing data-masking methods."
"Phys.20 224–230.]"
"The technique entails averaging across independent replications and estimating a steady-state output model in a state-space framework."
"They also highlight that is important for platform owners to watch out for increased search frictions as markets grow and invest in search technologies to facilitate more efficient search."
"One of our objectives is to show how biform games, which introduce unstructured negotiations into game theory analysis, can be used to develop applied theory relevant to strategy."
"This new class of matrices is not contained in any one of the known classes, namely, copositive plus, positive definite or semidefinite, P-matrices, P-matrices, Z-class, etc."
"A dealership with high market power moving from a situation of inventory shortage to a median inventory level lowers transaction prices by about 0.57% ceteris paribus, corresponding to 32.5% of dealers’ average per-vehicle profit margin or $145.6 on the average car."
"We derive alternative hierarchical Bayes synthesis distributions for the number of physicians required to handle the (service-mix specific) daily workload in internal medicine at a given VA medical center (VAMC)."
"General system theory: A new approach to unity of science."
"We show how genetic algorithms can be used to evolve strategies in oligopolistic markets characterized by asymmetric competition."
"Using an interdisciplinary research approach, we extend task-technology-fit (TTF) theory by examining the mechanisms through which use of IT by the sales force influences salesperson performance."
"When quality asymmetries exist on both base goods and add-ons and with boundedly rational consumers, the result can be win–win, win–lose, or lose–win, depending on the magnitude of quality differentiation on add-ons."
"Furthermore, focusing only on bank financing, I demonstrate that firms have more novel innovations if they borrow from multiple banks, use predominantly credit lines, and have less intense covenants."
"Thus, the approach offers a framework for synchronizing inventory and transportation decisions."
"The approximate solution is obtained by taking a linear convex combination of the optimal solution of the linear programming problem."
"For example, it may benefit a global firm to transfer less technology for products with a higher emerging market potential."
"This methodology marries the grounded theory methods familiar to sociologists with causal-loop modeling familiar to systems dynamicists, yielding a rigorous tool for systematically collecting, organizing, and distilling large amounts of field-based data."
"We consider a practical formulation in which the unknown demand parameters for each product come from an unknown distribution (prior) that is shared across products."
"This paper defines a set of five production planning problems that must be solved for efficient use of an FMS, and addresses specifically the grouping and loading problems."
"In a portfolio selection model with two risky investments having bivariate normally distributed returns, we show that Rubinstein's measures of risk aversion can yield the desirable characterizations of risk aversion and wealth effects on the optimal portfolios."
"The case of nonlinear convex programming is similar."
"A computational analysis based on natural gas data shows that mismanaging this interface can yield significant value losses."
"In an important special case, the complete family of undominated allocations is generated."
"An experiment demonstrates the tractability of our method, yielding plausible results such as ambiguity aversion for moderate and high likelihoods but ambiguity seeking for low likelihoods, as predicted by Ellsberg."
"The use of one of these approaches depends on the ability to solve the static problem efficiently."
"In order to produce a measure that is the “closest” to all probability models in the given set, we find the barycenter of the set."
"$8.00—reviewed by S. B. L.;—Engineering and Organization, by Everett Laitala."
"We explore a property of subjective probabilities called interior additivity (IA)."
"This note proposes a new edge elimination criterion in an algorithm whose purpose is to locate the center of a graph."
"We find a significant increase in antiracism requests following the killing of George Floyd in 2020 and a null effect for all other events in the decade."
"This increase in volume is more pronounced the longer the time since the stock price last achieved the price extreme, the smaller the firm, the higher the individual investor interest in the stock, and the greater the ambiguity regarding valuation."
"In this paper we analyze a stylized model of the first-page bid estimate (FPBE) mechanism first developed by Google and demonstrate its advantages in dealing with these challenges."
"Thus, portfolio entrepreneurs’ heterogeneous termination decisions explain a greater portion of new firm performance differential than ex ante opportunity selection."
"Two lab studies replicate our main findings and show that behavioral biases due to differences in perceptions of expertise drive the effect."
"Works below this threshold can be more easily awarded through a restricted auction, where the buyer has some discretion in terms of who (not) to invite to bid."
"The contract is also robust in various scenarios: in particular, coordination can be achieved even if the manufacturer’s estimate of the average delivery lead time is inaccurate."
"Third, in an attempt to explore the sources of recalls, this study investigates firm characteristics that are likely to be associated with device recalls."
"We use a two-sided matching framework to analyze collaboration between heterogeneous academics and firms."
"These findings suggest the presence of market segmentation and contrast with much of the prior literature, which explicitly or implicitly assumes a single national market."
"Finally, we ascertain the extent to which the audience's benefit is served by a system of three major networks, each competing to maximize individual ratings."
"Consequently, despite what customers may think about the availability verification, it actually increases their surplus."
"The authors consider the prospect of receiving a certain outcome with some uncertainty at some time."
"Management Sci.33 (1, January) 131–133.)"
"They also find that IT architecture flexibility enhances the value of arm's-length, collaborative, and joint-venture alliances."
"Parameters are estimated by a maximum-likelihood technique, based on a gradient search method."
"This paper develops a theoretical basis for scheduling these systems, and presents new scheduling algorithms and heuristics."
"We examine facilities that release toxics to water as well as facilities with no toxic releases to water."
"Specifically, we address the restricted starting-time tour-scheduling problem (RSTP), which involves the determination of the hours of the day (shifts) and days of the week (days on) that employees are assigned to work."
"Our problem is to develop an effective system of communication and control."
"Clustering nursing homes may facilitate scale efficiencies in both monitoring and supervision, resulting in reduced agency costs and improved application of the chain's business model."
"published a R&D deflator for American industrial R&D expenditures."
"He is in a position to immediately seek and acquire (and benefit from) information."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"In the cross section, we find that the investment plans tend to be the least sensitive to interest rate changes at firms that do not expect to borrow over the coming year and firms facing less-binding financing constraints."
"This paper suggests a test for selecting the optimal policy for the n = 2 system, for field life functions with a derivative equal or larger than −1, and by induction the conclusions are extended to n > 2."
"Research Needs in Executive Selection."
"It is therefore unclear whether prior findings will generalize to the client-IS pair, and the goal of this research is to examine the exercise of control across this relationship."
"In this article we celebrate past accomplishments, identify current challenges, and anticipate a future that is as exciting and opportunity-rich as any our field has seen."
"Problems encountered in attempting to capitalize to the maximum on the computer's potential capabilities."
"This paper develops a new way to help solve difficult linear and nonlinear discrete-optimization decision models more efficiently by introducing a problem-difficulty metric that uses the concept of entropy from information theory."
"We investigate whether such cognitive bias influences entrepreneurial venture performance using data on commercialization efforts for university inventions."
"A stochastic dynamic programming model treats explicitly this flexibility as equivalent to owning an option, the value of which is dependent upon the real exchange rate."
"For a decision maker whose choices are rationalized in terms of aspiration levels, the situations in which this policy might be used are also explored."
"In classical hypothesis testing there are no rules that allow one to systematically set alpha and beta error levels."
"In this paper we consider a loss system where the arrivals can be classified into different groups according to their arrival rate and expected service time."
"We thus propose the property of “unit dependence”: the definition of a unit can change, but contingent on any given definition, a pronounced endowment effect may emerge for singletons but not multiples."
"Social network analysis was performed on e-mail samples from two time periods separated by four years."
"To obtain a tractable formulation, we approximate the adaptive distributionally robust optimization problem using linear decision rule (LDR) techniques."
"When the commodity spot price evolves according to an exogenous Markov process, this work shows that the optimal inventory-trading policy of a risk-neutral merchant is characterized by two stage and spot-price dependent basestock targets."
"The insight for management: Fast fashion systems can be of significant value, particularly when consumers exhibit strategic behavior."
"We determine the predictability of ratings and the major factors which influence ratings."
"Several computational improvements as well as problem variations are discussed."
"Five measurement tests are used to compare the two sets."
"Based on our observations in the industry, we model the three options described above as decentralized decision-making systems with the manufacturer being the Stackelberg leader."
"Trade credit insurance (TCI) is a risk management tool commonly used by suppliers to guarantee against payment default by credit buyers."
"appl.15 17.]."
"We formulate hypotheses about the asymmetries between market leaders and followers regarding product line actions based on extended expectancy-valence and competitive demand elasticity theories."
"Professor Smith's article “Ranking Procedures and Subjective Probability Distribution” (Smith, L. H. 1967."
"Stronger policy rule inflation responses or weaker output responses increase real term premia and reduce inflation risk premia."
"The cell is designed for cyclic production of one product."
"We first formulate the problem of quoting due dates under the assumption that customer orders are processed on a FCFS basis."
"13, No."
"Identifying upcoding in claims data is challenging because of unobservable confounders (e.g., patient risk)."
"Earlier literature has pointed to the effectiveness of residual income-type measures based on particular accrual accounting rules such as the relative benefit allocation rule."
"The terms “productivity,” “efficiency,” and “effectiveness” have been used synonymously in some instances, while in other cases “efficiency” and “effectiveness” have been considered to be different aspects of overall “productivity.”"
"In addition, we design special branching rules that break the symmetries that arise in the solution space and have a large impact in the efficiency of the method."
"For each method, deception more than doubles the punishment rate as a response to an action that is unfavorable to the receiver."
"In addition to its ability to reflect increasing appreciation for money, risk aversion, and decreasing risk aversion, it is consistent with a risk-return representation in which return is measured by expected value."
"The model yields time-consistent portfolio policies and is analytically tractable even under some incomplete market settings."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1962, $6.75—reviewed by T. M. Whitin;—Manne, Alan, S. Economic analysis for business decisions."
"Our predicted relation between the degree of home bias and a country's expected return has the opposite sign predicted by models that assume some form of market segmentation."
"In most of the paper it is assumed that these probability distributions entertained by the different players are mutually “consistent”, in the sense that they can be regarded as conditional probability distributions derived from a certain “basic probability distribution” over the parameters unknown to the various players."
"A procedure for designing such a system is proposed and an example is given of the type of control system which it produces."
"Compared to existing methods to measure weighting functions and attitudes toward uncertainty and ambiguity, our method is more efficient and can accommodate violations of expected utility under risk."
"One alternative is a closed-form analysis of error propogation, but often the exact functional form is too unwieldy to use."
"They are also more risk loving than male directors."
"The centralization versus decentralization choice is perhaps the quintessential organizational structure decision."
"Moreover, we observe no negative spillover effects into related domains such as exercise, and no negative impact on customer loyalty."
"Households age 60 and older bear increasing responsibility for managing retirement portfolios, and they hold the majority of financial assets in the United States."
"The argument relies on a mathematical model that describes how a typical controlled user's purchasing habits are affected by the punishment anticipated as a function of the quantity possessed."
"Our principal object is to examine the industrial arena in which the psychologist is active."
"We first study the case when the firm serves customers in the order they arrive (first in first out (FIFO))."
"Such a theory would be almost without content, for we always pay for generality by sacrificing content, and all we can say about practically everything is almost nothing."
"Nevertheless, the majority of principals were reluctant to change their mind and adopt the agent's proposal."
"We assume that there is an infinite supply of outbound work to process, and that inbound calls are prioritized over the outbound calls."
"Because the decision variables now are discrete instead of continuous, the answer found in this study is: sometimes, but not in general."
"Initial coin offerings (ICOs) are an emerging form of fundraising for blockchain-based startups."
"The author analyzes detailed data on stress-related medicine prescriptions for 92,860 employees working in 1,517 of the largest Danish organizations to analyze the relationship between organizational change and employee health."
"Third, while knowledge may enhance the ultimate benefits derived from process change, the correct timing and means of knowledge creation are difficult to discern."
"Moreover, our analysis of the microdata indicates that subjective expectations of both risk and returns on stocks are strongly influenced by perceptions of economic conditions."
"We conducted a field experiment in a Dutch retail chain of 122 stores to study the interaction between team incentives, team social cohesion, and team performance."
"This article is intended to present a simple approach to obtaining approximate solutions for such problems."
"The results are obtained by a two-stage step-wise minimization procedure wherein dynamic programming is first used to characterize sub-optimal policies and then the calculus of finite differences is utilized to select the optimal policy."
"The author proposes a Poisson count model with a gamma distributed arrival rate forecasting method and tests his forecasting methodology using data from three organizations."
"This paper was accepted by Kay Giesecke, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"The authors test the assumption that investors suffer from foreign aversion, a preference for home assets based on familiarity."
"We study how monetary policy affects the funding composition of the banking sector."
"Any one of us, I am sure, would like to be able to look back and feel that during these formative years we had used our resources wisely and effectively to work toward an understanding of the management process."
"The increase in informational efficiency results from the timely incorporation of systematic earnings information."
"Much research has been undertaken in the past several years on the uses of Leontief input-output matrices; applications have been made ranging from industrial growth models to models of interregional dynamics to estimates of structural changes in the economy."
"Hence, reference prices are not recursive."
"Whereas the self-optimal policy is relatively easy to obtain, the socially optimal policy, which is of more practical importance, often requires a tedious and ad hoc analysis as a result of external effects."
"The insight for management: Organizations can improve employee productivity by changing the likelihood of feedback, the reference group used to calculate relative performance, and the quality of the information of the feedback message."
"Several interesting results are obtained."
"Suppliers can modify their offers in response to the optimal allocation corresponding to each set of bids, giving rise to a dynamic competitive bidding process."
"We establish the existence of an optimal production schedule such that for each period (1) there are no partially filled trucks in period i if the inventory entering period i is positive and (2) the inventory at the end of period i is less than Mi."
"Interestingly, both firms enjoy higher profit lifts when the high-quality firm commits rather than when the low-quality firm commits."
"Platform businesses are typically resource-intensive and must scale up their business quickly in the early stage to compete successfully against fast-emerging rivals."
"We find that the reduction in total releases (to all media) is driven mainly by those facilities that release toxic chemicals to water."
"Moreover, while most of the planning tools available to managers assume that projects are independent clusters of activities, in reality many organizations must manage concurrent projects that place competing demands on shared human and technical resources."
"We model a Hotelling style market in which consumers have heterogeneous tastes along a circular city."
"It is stated that such an approach will increase the utility and effectiveness of operations research without destroying its research nature."
"A new measurement procedure based on the temporary palliation of a chronic condition is described as a method of obtaining an individual's time preference pattern for health."
"He cites Professor Bodenhorn who warns that the trend toward mathematical frameworks in economics may be associated with an application of good mathematical assumptions but poor economics (Bodenhorn, Diran."
"They also find that firms' patenting and citing strategies affect patent citations, making citations less indicative of knowledge flows."
"The analysis predicts that the number of customers in service will have a steady state normal distribution with specified mean and covariance structure."
"Here we propose a formal measure of what we label “structural virality” that interpolates between two conceptual extremes: content that gains its popularity through a single, large broadcast and that which grows through multiple generations with any one individual directly responsible for only a fraction of the total adoption."
"The area of railroad scheduling and associated problems offers a potentially fruitful field for research in management science."
"Indeed, in a field setting it is quite a challenge to isolate reference group effects from contextual effects and correlated effects."
"We develop nonparametric estimates of these costs and use them in conjunction with linear programming to produce what is termed the “LP policy.”"
"A number of proposals have been put forth regarding the proper way to model the societal impact of fatal accidents."
"More surprisingly, omitted objectives were perceived to be almost as important as those generated by participants on their own."
"Economists argue that new firms fail because entrepreneurs inefficiently manage production and organizational design (Williamson 1985)."
"Finally, we uncover causal relationships behind these associations using a new source of exogenous, idiosyncratic risk events in an event study setting."
"We find that customer adoption of online banking is associated with (1) substitution, primarily from incrementally more costly self-service delivery channels (automated teller machine and voice response unit); (2) augmentation of service consumption in more costly service delivery channels (branch and call center); (3) a substantial increase in total transaction volume; (4) an increase in estimated average cost to serve resulting from the combination of points (1)–(3); and (5) a reduction in short-term customer profitability."
"Embedding this algorithm into a modified version of the Shifting Bottleneck Procedure that uses the tighter one-machine relaxation discussed here results in a considerable overall improvement in performance on all classes of job shop scheduling problems."
"14 shillings;—Edwards, Ward and Amos Tversky (editors), Decision Making: Selected Readings."
"This model can be used as a decision support system that allows the blood bank administrator to do sensitivity analyses related to controllable blood inventory parameters."
"Some authors have argued that research on organizational effectiveness should cease."
"failure"
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1967,."
"Sensitivity analysis is performed on workforce level and batch size."
"We conclude with a discussion of future research directions."
"Book Reviews—Beer, Stafford, Decision and Control."
"Moreover, announcement returns of rivals are significantly higher and those of customers weakly lower when the customer industry is more competitive and when the acquirer and target are larger firms."
"Although volatile marketing spending, as opposed to even-level spending, may improve a brand’s financial performance, it can also increase the volatility of performance, which is not a desirable outcome."
"The model employs a methodical, consistent approach to the allocation process, yet allows ample flexibility for consideration of state-specific issues."
"More specifically, partial information on the audience of a combination of advertising media vehicles consisting of only two information quantities—the sum of the individual audiences, and the sum of the audiences of all pairs of media vehicles in the combination—is shown, in fact, to contain a significant amount of the information about the audience exposure pattern of the combination that is needed for media planning evaluation."
"A multiperiod stochastic optimization model is formulated for a land owner who can speculate between investing harvesting income in financial assets and postponing harvesting."
"$8.95—reviewed by Walter B. Schaffir."
"This paper was accepted by Olav Sorenson, organizations."
"This paper studies the interplay between information aggregation and p-hacking in the context of predicting stock returns."
"We show that failure-aware kidney exchange can significantly increase the expected number of lives saved (i) in theory, on random graph models; (ii) on real data from kidney exchange match runs between 2010 and 2014; and (iii) on synthetic data generated via a model of dynamic kidney exchange."
"An example is used to demonstrate the procedure and the generation of trade-off curves relating overtime and total tardiness for use in managerial evaluation of alternative schedules."
"We also provide methods for estimating the critical constants required by our procedures, present a portion of an extensive empirical study, and demonstrate one of the procedures via a numerical example."
"Most real-world optimization problems are multiobjective by nature, involving noncomparable objectives."
"This research advances our understanding of what makes teams creative by synthesizing and testing existing theory as well as providing a new perspective that highlights an alternative way in which a team’s cognitive inputs impact team creativity."
"In the United States, public research organizations and small firms conduct R&D across multiple therapeutic areas and stages of the development process."
"The decentralized firm and the various deployments of R and D in such firms are described."
"Customer dissatisfaction occurs when customers’ ex ante expectations about a product or service exceed ex post perceptions about the product or service."
"We also show that the retailer prefers to sell information sequentially rather than concurrently to the manufacturers, whereas the manufacturers’ preferences are reversed."
"The insight for management: Meeting earnings estimates might placate investors but, in the case of storable goods, only at a real cost to longer-term profitability."
"To better understand these issues, I provide a model of accelerator participation and performance and then test empirical predictions from the model using a novel data set of approximately 900 accelerator companies across 13 accelerators and 900 matched nonaccelerator companies."
"The analysis of a state agency's development over five years provides some evidence to support these hypothesized relationships between life cycle stages and criteria of effectiveness."
"Optimization applications often depend on a huge number of uncertain parameters."
"We find that the impact of declining concept-testing costs on expected profits, the number of concepts tested, and total spending depend on the scale/cost ratio and tail-shape parameter of the profit distribution."
"Where activities are complex and interrelated, it is particularly useful to develop a system concept as the framework for analysis."
"In those eases where construction of a mathematical model for predictive purposes is difficult, we may consider using the forecasts and forecast revisions provided by the existing forecasting mechanism as the state variable."
"We study a firm’s optimal pricing policy under commitment."
"We show under which conditions financial integration induces banks to reduce their liquidity holdings and to shift their portfolios toward more profitable but less liquid investments."
"We consider a firm that makes the decision of whether or not to seek certification prior to selling the product."
"The methodology of SPOT is illustrated using data for the first quarter of 1990, obtained from a cable network."
"In addition, foreign exchange expenditures and regional demand satisfaction goals reflect the importance of limiting foreign trade deficit and providing basic nutrition for the population."
"Critically, the persistent gains to this group were driven by individuals who also utilized the wearable’s goal-setting tool."
"Social influence refers to the ability of one consumer to directly influence another consumer's decision based upon their communication."
"Public fatalities may result from either normal operations (e.g., via pollution) or accidents."
"We allow several different classes of customers, each with different preferences for lead time and price."
"We then apply the proposed method in the setting of a teaching hospital’s ED and obtain closed-form expressions for the range of arrival rates for which PT outperforms the traditional nurse triage economically."
"The infinite stage results are built on finite stage results."
"Moreover, several algorithms for solving quadratic programming problems are reviewed."
"We develop a method that obtains a risk-aversion parameter from each portfolio choice."
"Both the buyer and the supplier incur quality-related costs, e.g., costs of customer goodwill and future market share loss by the buyer and warranty-related costs shared by both the buyer and the supplier whenever a nonconforming item is sold to a customer."
"The traditional node-arc formulation solved by linear programming, the original arc-chain technique and the modified arc-chain algorithm are each compared in terms of computer storage requirements and solution times, resulting in considerable time efficiencies, of the order of fifty to one, for the modified Ford-Fulkerson method."
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"We find that politicians with similar beliefs hold similar portfolios and that more liberal members engage in more socially responsible investing (SRI), even within political parties."
"The allocation of a specific amount of a given resource among competitive alternatives can often be modelled as a knapsack problem."
"In this paper, we examine whether the #MeToo movement, spurred by the Harvey Weinstein scandal, leads to changes in the likelihood of Hollywood producers working with female writers on new movie projects."
"Services and the Business Models of Product Firms: An Empirical Analysis of the Software Industry (p. 420)Fernando F. Suarez, Michael A. Cusumano, Steven J. KahlMany technology product providers such as SAP and Oracle increasingly rely on service revenues as part of their business models."
"The method is compared with exact solutions or simulations, and found to be reasonably accurate."
"The author evaluates forecasting methodologies in the face of the user's risk aversion and finds that the two are related."
"Our results have important implications for understanding managerial incentives and the internal processes that create sustained advantage."
"A simplex-type method for finding a local maximum of  subject to  and  is proposed."
"This has implications for optimal incentive structures within firms, as well as for interpreting firm performance."
"This practice is in large part driven to obtain improved economies in transportation through higher truckload utilization."
"We must describe managerial work more precisely, and we must model the manager as a programmed system."
"This contrasts with a standard portfolio that has investment weights summing to one."
"Although his exposition in this paper is quite terse and couched in mathematical language which may be difficult for some readers of Management Science to follow, it is thought that this presentation will: (1) make available to American readers generally an important work in the field of linear programming, (2) provide an indication of the type of analytic work which has been done and is being done in connection with rational planning in Russia, (3) through the specific examples mentioned indicate the types of interpretation which the Russians have made of the abstract mathematics (for example, the potential and field interpretations adduced in this country recently by W. Prager were anticipated in this paper).It is to be noted, however, that the problem of determining an effective method of actually acquiring the solution to a specific problem is not solved in this paper."
"A numerical example is given to illustrate the computational procedure."
"The demand is observed at the beginning of a time period, but it need not be filled until the end of the period."
"The purpose of this update is twofold."
"Their method offers approximations for portfolios containing long positions in European options expiring at the end of the investment horizon and one for portfolios containing long and/or short positions in European and/or exotic options expiring beyond the investment horizon."
"The effect of uncertainty in the time of completion of an activity has also been investigated in a highly simplified model; and a tentative conclusion is presented that such uncertainty tends to divert resources toward the earlier part of the program, as compared to the solution under certainty."
"But because the researchers and their department chairmen do not believe simple counts to be effective, this should be supplemented by weighting the publications with a journal quality index."
"Stripping offending products of labels (such as “Energy Star”), instead of blocking them from the market, eliminates the problem of entry by low-quality, noncompliant firms, but may reduce incumbents’ compliance efforts."
"Traditional lot sizing models ignore lead time related costs, although there are systematic relationships between lot sizes and lead times."
"The corresponding Banzhaf power ratio is less dependent on these variables."
"The proposed methodology supports managerial insight into structural design of manufacturing and service systems at the strategic level."
"In industry, the construct has often been used as a surrogate for IS effectiveness."
"The regression models developed were also used to test Bowman's “Management Coefficients” theory at the axiomatic level, as well as to examine intuitive decision processes."
"This leads to the possibility of some of the members of the team free-riding on the contributions of others."
"Results and benefits to the operators of the network are described."
"Consider a production process where the categories of successive units form a Markov chain with known transition matrix."
"To this end, we introduce the notion of a fluid mean-field equilibrium (FMFE) that is behaviorally appealing and computationally tractable, and in some important cases, it yields a closed-form characterization."
"paperbound $7.50;—Kaufmann, Arnold, The Science of Decision-Making: An Introduction to Praxeology."
"An example based on health risks due to ozone exposure demonstrates the technique."
"Most online content publishers have moved to subscription-based business models regulated by digital paywalls."
"By Guy C. Close, Jr. New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1960."
"This formulation has a variable for every possible combination of winning bids for each bidder."
"There has been a call to investigate the negotiation process (Gale [Gale, D. 1986."
"The purpose of this note is to include a fixed cost of backorder into the formulas."
"The viability of robo-advisors crucially depends on their ability to offer personalized financial advice."
"This study investigates two mechanisms of knowledge creation—one that is method driven and the other that is psychologically driven."
"The resulting model (SCOPE) generalizes the well-known 0–1 knapsack problem."
"Failure of the device is directly observable."
"Building on these findings, we further test for potential adverse health effects of unfair pay using observational data from a large representative panel data set."
"Numerical examples show that these approximation formulas are simple, accurate, and robust for practitioners to use in designing CBS policies."
"Yet, this amounts to throwing away an important piece of information to the effect that the players are rational and expect each other to be rational."
"Lastly, algorithms for computing optimal solutions to POMDP's are presented."
"Low-revenue equilibria allow participants in an auction to obtain goods at prices lower than would prevail in a competitive market."
"Adding these forecast errors to a regression of stock returns on sentiment absorbs a sizable fraction of the explanatory power of sentiment for the cross section of future returns."
"The first measure identifies the location of the peak of total resource requirements and the second measure identifies the rate of utilization of each resource type."
"Algorithms that provide acceptable sequences of product models in various conditions are given, and results of simulator experiments are analysed and discussed."
"The model presented in this paper uses the method of linear programming to solve multi-plant, multi-product distribution networks constrained by plant production schedules and manufacturing combinations when the shipment of final goods is a function of the raw material input."
"We study a buyer’s problem of auditing suppliers within an existing network to ensure social responsibility compliance."
"Englewood Cliffs, N. J.: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1969, 369 pp.,"
"1) The algorithm is described. ("
"A method for allocating funds to investment projects when returns are subject to uncertainty."
"The application of these results to portfolio insurance is emphasized, and hedging strategies studied by Black and Jones and by Brennan and Schwartz are generalized."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1747.This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"This paper presents new formulation techniques for capturing the essential nonlinearities of the problem of interest, while producing a significantly smaller problem size than the standard techniques."
"The investor is more risk averse when faced with quarterly data."
"Here we consider a special case of the model developed in the earlier paper (i.e., we now consider a homogeneous industry) and investigate the effects of several relevant factors upon an industry’s allocation of resources to basic research."
"The appearance of this journal is an example of this harmony of interests that has come into being."
"Since engineering designs generally involve a number of elements about which only partial information is available, design optimization should be conducted under conditions of risk."
"We show that due to the fixed cost nature of investments in patching, a software vendor has incentives to release a buggier product early and patch it later in a larger market."
"Second, competitive forces such as decreasing revenue streams and shrinking product life cycles complicate the implementation of process change."
"A majority of the writers have dealt with either case histories of successful diversification or with qualitative check-off lists to be used in analyzing specific diversification opportunities."
"I find that in the face of rollover risk, competition between financial institutions has a nonmonotonic effect on their disclosure decisions."
"Two common selling mechanisms in this environment are an English auction and a sequential bidding process."
"An important problem within this context from a vendor's perspective is to determine how to release patches to fix vulnerabilities in its software."
"It appears that the scandal sent a negative marketwide signal about the reputation risk associated with celebrity endorsements."
"Book Reviews—Mathematical Methods for Digital Computers."
"Formulae are calculated for the Poisson, stuttering Poisson, geometric, negative binomial, Gamma and compounded distributions."
"Stanford, California: Stanford University Press, 1963, $7.50, 225 pp—reviewed by Ernest Koenigsberg;—Levitt, Theodore."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"Utility-maximizing consumption and investment strategies in closed form are unknown for realistic settings involving portfolio constraints, incomplete markets, and potentially a high number of state variables."
"The general logic of filtering may be implemented via a variety of interactive methods."
"Moreover, we find that more and smaller price changes occurred with ESLs."
"New York: Appleton-Century-Crofts, 1967, $3.95, 386 pp—reviewed by Donald G. Morrison;—Haga Enoch, Automated Educational Systems, Elmhurst, Illinois: The Business Press, 1967, $15.00, 343 pp—reviewed by Sarane S. Boocock;—Brown, Robert G., Decision Rules for Inventory Management."
"49–144."
"A fundamental problem in managing product development is the optimal timing, frequency, and fidelity of sequential testing activities that are carried out to evaluate novel product concepts and designs."
"The retailer chooses inventories ex ante and promotional effort ex post."
"Moreover, if the unit volume is not lower than the capacity, the bound is about 1.21."
"These are the best achievable growth rates of regret in these settings (up to logarithmic terms)."
"A dynamic greedy allocation heuristic is found to perform well."
"For special classes of distributions, the solution procedure degenerates, whereby the optimal sequences may be determined by inspection."
"We evaluate forecast accuracy up to two weeks ahead using data from three organizations."
"In theory, under very general conditions, being sensitive to winning and paying too much should result in lower average bids, and being sensitive to missing opportunities to win at a favorable price should result in higher bids."
"Approximation techniques and exact characterization of the non-linearities are also presented."
"We conduct a controlled lab experiment where subjects participate in a lottery and can choose between different resolutions of uncertainty (clumped or piecewise) and analyze which kind of resolution is preferred."
"On this criterion, we show empirically (with people data) that although averaging has remarkable theoretical properties, supposedly inferior nonaveraging metrics (e.g., maximum, variance) are often better."
"The subunit models are linked through very general information flows."
"This paper develops a model of conversion behavior (i.e., converting store visits into purchases) that predicts each customer's probability of purchasing based on an observed history of visits and purchases."
"A third plausible objective is the “quasi-public” one of maximizing net social benefits subject to a constraint that ensures sufficient revenues to cover costs."
"The results from the matched sample are consistent with the development and revelation of valuable general human capital through entrepreneurial experience and suggest that the rewards to entrepreneurship are not limited to just the rewards available inside entrepreneurial firms."
"Otherwise the usual conditions of the problem are retained (demand is considered a random variable, etc.)."
"failure"
"The Effect of CRM Outsourcing on Shareholder Value: A Contingency Perspective (p. 748)Kartik Kalaignanam, Tarun Kushwaha, Jan-Benedict E. M. Steenkamp, Kapil R. TuliHow does information systems (IS) outsourcing affect firm performance?"
"In particular, long-term partnerships with suppliers and customers are associated with higher performance in both industries."
"In many instances, a more realistic formulation would require that if a menu item is offered, its portion size must be between a specified upper and lower bound."
"Under the contract, the manufacturer’s profit is affected by the variance but not by the mean of a supplier’s lead time."
"Specifically, we show that the (larger) assortment with product overlap may signal a “competitive” price of the relatively unique product and prevent further consumer search for a lower price on it."
"The marketing implications of the assumptions in the models are discussed."
"For the practical application at hand, provably good solutions are routinely being obtained in modest computing time to problems far beyond the capabilities of available mathematical programming systems."
"Investors respond to this growth strategy by redeeming from first funds of firms with follow-on funds that do poorly."
"Focusing on problems with a relatively small number of constraints, but with a large number of variables, we develop a hybrid partitioning and enumeration solution scheme by combining the entropic approach with the recently developed improved surrogate constraint (ISC) method to produce the new method we call ISCENT."
"Convex expected holding and penalty cost functions pertain to inventory and the cost of changing the production rate is proportional to the change."
"We argue that smaller markets should be given better service as an effective means of acquiring information."
"The primary findings are that both the central warehouse (upper echelon) and the retail sites (lower echelon) should hold safety stock, but that most of the safety stock should be at the retail sites."
"Specifying either a private sector objective of maximizing profits or a public sector objective of maximizing net social benefits provides a particular case of the general model."
"The authors extend the one-switch notion to the multiattribute case and identify the families of multiattribute utility functions that are also one-switch."
"We analyze an intervention by Nike, Inc., to promote the adoption of lean manufacturing in its apparel supply chain across 11 developing countries."
"We first construct a static equilibrium model to illustrate the aforementioned phenomenon where risk averse and competitive option market makers quote bid and ask prices to minimize their inventory risk in an incomplete market with both directional and volatility risk."
"Given an international organisation with branches in n different countries and concerned with publicity for a commodity X—in competition with a substitute X′—how should such an organisation allocate its expenditure among them so as to get the maximum overall return."
"Following classical economic methodology, the behavior of individuals is then aggregated."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"Thus, the agent takes actions that align with the principal’s objective."
"The insight for management: Pre-start-up experience adds to the process of post-start-up learning, and the industry learning environment plays an important role in whether entrepreneurial firms can achieve a competitive advantage over existing firms."
"We also find evidence that future market shares for our sample firm are systematically higher in markets with high contemporaneous utilization rates for the online banking channel."
"We show the worst-case performance of the best single, best double, best triple, best frequency-based, and optimal direct shipping policies."
"Our results independently establish and offer a causal explanation for an interesting phenomenon observed in design contests—clustering of searchers in specific regions of the solution space."
"Book Reviews—Scarf, H. E., Gilford, D. M. and Shelly, M. W. (eds.)."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"These losses can be so severe that the firm may prefer not to acquire information even when it is costless to do so."
"To calibrate the right-hand sides of the PBR constraints, we develop new, performance-based k-fold cross-validation algorithms."
"Using a manually collected data set of all proxy contests from 1994 through 2012, I show that proxy contests play an important role in hostile corporate governance."
"The insight for management: First and last impressions weigh far greater than intermediate information to decision makers."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"In particular, customers’ per-unit waiting cost decreases with the offered waiting times associated with the announcements."
"We ask whether, and if so, how, showrooms benefit the two most basic retail objectives: demand generation and operational efficiency."
"Then the correlated random vectors are generated using a combination of Cholesky decomposition and Gauss-Newton iteration."
"Despite the obvious benefits this brings, the supplier may be reluctant to collaborate as he fears revealing his proprietary cost information."
"Marketing strategy and the optimal production schedule."
"For the mechanism design institution, we show that all players’ profits are the same in simultaneous and sequential contracting."
"This facilitates personalized pricing but may also induce consumer suspicions of overpaying."
"Yet, despite the popularity of component sharing in industry, little is known about how to design an effective component-sharing strategy or about the factors that influence the success of such a strategy."
"In using the generalized second-price (GSP) auction to sell advertising slots, a search engine faces several challenges."
"The insight for management: Restricting investment to specific asset classes can reduce the private benefit to the manager to those consumed over time."
"Also, the larger the number of firms in an industry the greater may be the need for government support of that industry's basic research."
"The results on callback bias are robust to using state- and county-level data, to controlling for firm, job, and geographical characteristics, to including additional interaction effects in the empirical specification, and to several estimation strategies."
"Management Sci.24 (November)."
"The editors of Management Science acknowledge all our 2020 reviewers and guest associate editors, who generously provided expert counsel and guidance on a voluntary basis."
"With the passage of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and recent proposals of the SEC, internal control evaluation has gained new impetus."
"A problem of primary significance to a variety of industries is the suppression of trim losses in cutting rolls of paper, textiles, cellophane, metallic foil, or other material, for the execution of business orders."
"Innovative business models—for example, fast fashion (e.g., Zara), e-tailing (e.g., Amazon), and ride-sharing (e.g., Uber)—are capable of offering new products and services that generate considerable consumer utility and transform industries."
"It is shown that the traditional theory of risk pricing through the capital asset pricing model generally leads to conclusions that appear to be contradicted by observed investor behavior."
"The insight for management: New approaches to competition design might improve outcomes of status competitions."
"New York: Dover Publications, Inc., 1968, 228 pp.,"
"The structure allows for multiple attributes, multiple sources of randomness, misclassification of inspected items, and adjustment of cost parameters to produce desirable classical properties."
"Perhaps surprisingly, we find that the manufacturer, retailer, and consumers alike all benefit from the use of rebates, this despite the fact that the manufacturer uses the rebates in self interest and as a strategic weapon."
"Over 400 buses arrive in the terminal, load these commuters and depart during this one peak hour."
"Maintenance service plans (MSPs) are contracts for the provision of maintenance by a service provider to an equipment operator."
"All of these results, which convey information about the numerical values of optimal policies, given specific demands and an initial level of inventory, depend only on the shape characteristics of the cost functions."
"For 48 test problems with 5 to 20 constraints and 6 to 500 variables, the solution found was on the average within 0.34% of the optimum and the computation time was the shortest compared with three other well-known heuristics."
"A postulate common to both the structural-functional theory of social stratification and to organization theory is that hierarchical organization is functionally necessary."
"1969."
"Subjective probability and the theory of games."
"It is shown that the optimization algorithm is an effective solution technique for the homogeneous clustering problem, and also a good method for providing tight lower bounds for evaluating the quality of solutions generated by other procedures."
"Additional characteristics of the optimal advertising policy are also established."
"Its creditors have access to CDS contracts that hedge them against default losses."
"The results are also extended to systems with non-zero leadtime."
"Models are presented for advertising expenditures, marketing expenditures, marketing budget allocations, year-to-year changes in advertising spending and for selection of distribution channels."
"Many online retailers provide real-time inventory availability information."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"An arriving customer is assumed to purchase the available option that ranks highest in her preference list."
"In the previously-dominant bipolar paradigm, when the United States and the Soviet Union possessed almost all of the strategic nuclear weapons in the world, first-strike stability was an important criterion for assessing defensive deployments of the two sides, without consideration of any other countries."
"Decision makers sometimes have to choose between alternative options about which they have no preference: either they judge the options equally valuable (indifference) or they have no judgment about their relative value (noncomparability)."
"Second, the SEU model is likely to provide consistent and rational answers to decision problems within a given problem structure, but may not be invariant across structures."
"Bids are significantly positively correlated and profits are significantly negatively correlated with basal salivary progesterone, but only for females who do not use hormonal contraceptives."
"Such gains in predictive accuracy translate into higher risk-adjusted portfolio returns after accounting for estimation error and model uncertainty."
"The desired performance of complex systems can be realized only through designing and managing them for operational flexibility."
"This is accomplished through the use of a sample consisting of publicly owned and privately owned firms that have public debt and are therefore subject to identical reporting and disclosure requirements."
"Knowledge is generated from investment in preparation and training (learning-before-doing) and as a by-product of process change (learning-by-doing)."
"We also show in an extension that firms with diversified technologies result in lower equilibrium reliability than single-technology firms in all periods with probability 1.The electronic companion is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2961.This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"Managers consider defenders that have previously been successful as credible defenders of their markets."
"In small organizations (and those with high turnover) dual hierarchies and cadre relations are appropriate mechanisms for reducing control loss."
"In equilibrium, financing risk disproportionately impacts innovative ventures with the greatest real option value by creating a trade-off between protecting the firm from financing risk and maximizing its real option value."
"Relative weights placed on different information forms were determined by an averaging model from information integration theory."
"This paper provides evidence that analysts who have predicted earnings more accurately than the median analyst in the previous four quarters tend to be simultaneously less accurate and further from the consensus forecast in their subsequent earnings prediction."
"Comment on “Economically optimum design of cusum charts” by A. L. Goel and S. M. Wu."
"We find that the installation of ESLs increased gross margins substantially, which implies profit gains that go far beyond labor cost savings."
"We find that no single decision process is the “best.”"
"However, such plans could be counterproductive if enough participants (especially those who do not win) perceive that subjectivity (introduced via discretion) adds unfairness."
"Management Sci.1 86–91, the problem of smooth patterns of production—with which we presume the reader is familiar—a formula was found for the solution of the problem in the special case that the requirements are increasing."
"In the context of a computational framework we derive a set of logically consistent propositions about the interrelationship among task, opportunities for review, training, and cost and their relative impact on organizational performance."
"This paper was accepted by Peter Wakker, decision analysis."
"Although the overall model is founded upon individual consumer behavior assumptions, it provides measures of market behavior by aggregating individual behavior parameters over a heterogeneous population of consumers."
"Using these estimates will allow us to determine more efficiently when ∞/∞ models are good approximations for f/f systems."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2614.This paper was accepted by David Hsu, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Organizational slack is defined as the excess of resources allocated over the minimum necessary to accomplish the tasks assigned."
"Value-at-Risk (VaR) is one of the most widely accepted risk measures in the financial and insurance industries, yet efficient optimization of VaR remains a very difficult problem."
"Based on the structural properties of this formulation, under a mild condition, we derive the optimal time allowances in closed form and prove that it is optimal to sequence jobs in increasing order of job duration variance."
"Non-cooperative equilibrium solutions are obtained for the case of two competing companies each selling two products in coupled markets."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"Explicit solutions are derived for the two-server system."
"Our objective is to find the control limit that minimizes the long run average cost of waiting and service charges."
"If retailer orders exceed supplier capacity, a proportional rationing rule applies to capacity allocation among retailers."
"The paper presents both results on the efficiency of the DP algorithm compared to other methods, and results on the application of the model to real world cases."
"Buyers, on the other hand, are better off when competing firms are informed about cost."
"In addition, we incorporate and demonstrate the importance of separating two other sources of dynamics: portfolio inertia and service stickiness."
"Our results can be seen as providing support for the notion that combining group identity and competition creates a motivation that can potentially be harnessed effectively for prosocial purposes."
"Due to cognitive and strategic biases, investors are likely to pay more attention to unfamiliar explorative patents rather than incremental exploitative patents."
"The sensitivity of the CPT value function with respect to the stock allocation is then investigated, which, as a by-product, demonstrates that this function is neither concave nor convex."
"Ad exchanges are emerging Internet markets where advertisers may purchase display ad placements, in real time and based on specific viewer information, directly from publishers via a simple auction mechanism."
"Our study provides novel and detailed empirical evidence of manufacturing innovation, and goes beyond previous research on the learning curve (learning by doing) by investigating how interplant assignments affect the value of employees’ improvement ideas (learning by moving).This paper was accepted by Charles J. Corbett, operations management."
"This may be any number between zero and one."
"Modeling consumer heterogeneity helps practitioners understand market structures and devise effective marketing strategies."
"Special statistical methods were used in that article to compute the sample sizes for specified inventory models."
"Eventually, computational results and comparison with Pardalos and Rodgers' algorithm demonstrate the efficiency of our method for medium size problems (up to 100 variables)."
"failure"
"The basic concepts of information economics are augmented by modern Bayesian statistical methods to provide a means of learning about the true, but unknown, information structure and distribution of state probabilities."
"This represents a factor-of-four improvement since the early 1970's and a factor-of-ten improvement since the early 1960's.(2) But while U.S. jet travel has become safer in recent years, the improvement would probably have been greater still in the absence of airline deregulation."
"These patterns are more pronounced for high beta stocks, for stocks that are more difficult to arbitrage, and during times when investors' sensitivity to firm-specific stale information is high."
"This paper examines Has problem of constructing such experimental clusters when cluster composition is measured by several ratios and the optimal construction would yield clusters with ratios as close as possible to those of the population."
"It is the purpose of this paper to present an application of the theory of semi-Markov processes to a problem in maintenance theory and obtain results which we believe to be new."
"We find that the scientific and commercial components of an academic scientist's human capital have differential effects on the performance of research and invention tasks at the firm."
"$8.95;—Kempster, John H., Financial Analysis to Guide Capital Expenditures."
"Hypertension is one of the most important risk factors with respect to coronary heart disease and stroke."
"In particular, the inventory models used include the classical zero procurement lead-time case, plus selected non-zero procurement lead-time cases having 2-, 5-, and 10-period lead-times."
"The linear programing algorithms available for optimizing the routing of shipments in multi-plant, multi-destination systems cannot, in the current state of knowledge, be applied directly to the more general problem of determining the number and location of regional warehouses in large-scale distribution networks."
"Thus, it may be attractive for a police decision-maker to consider the introduction of an AVM system combined with a changeover from two-officer to one-officer units and a manpower reduction."
"Given N products and a set of “basic data” for each product, e.g., production rate, demand rate, setup time, setup cost and holding cost, etc.,"
"In contrast, our estimates imply that variation in common environment explains only a small share of individual differences."
"The paper is in the form of a report of a scientific search."
"This study complements these approaches by examining the effect of technological opportunities on firm formation."
"A cost minimizing maintenance model is described which takes account of such factors as deterioration and failure probabilities, manhours for preventive inspection and preventive repair, elapsed time for emergency diagnosis and repair, cost of setting up for periodic maintenance, cost of maintenance men, and cost of system downtime."
"Where multiple criteria are involved, it is useful to derive a single measure which will meaningfully distinguish among the competing items."
"Consumer brand choice is modeled as a multinomial probabilistic outcome, and the individual consumer-level transaction price is modeled to be consistent with the Nash bargaining solution."
"These adverse effects are driven entirely by the exposure of low-ability students to high-ability peers."
"The reorder point is based on independent calculations and no attempt is made to jointly optimize the order quantity and reorder point."
"Limited access” berthing which prevents buses from passing in platform lanes necessitates a commuter traffic simulation method to govern the problem's internal logic.3."
"The results from both a within-country analysis based on firms headquartered in different regions of Switzerland and an analysis based on the birthplace information of U.S. firms’ chief executive officers confirm the relation between languages and investment efficiency."
"We conduct a controlled human subjects experiment where a retailer and supplier either interact through ultimatum offers or dynamically bargain over contract terms, including a wholesale price and, potentially, an order quantity."
"This paper investigates experimentally the effect of private contribution incentives in the presence of a norm enforcement mechanism."
"Taken together, these findings suggest that appropriate investments in IT can help to facilitate reconfiguration of resources and modification of processes in collaboration-intensive alliances."
"This paper reports some of the findings of a research team that has been developing new methods to enable production executives to make better decisions and to make them more easily than they can with prevailing procedures."
"Ultimately some combination of these methods as a first approximation, and then the use of simulation techniques may provide the answer."
"In marked contrast, leakage of unrelated technology is significantly reduced."
"The firm makes pricing decisions when facing uncertainty in future cost, and strategic customers decide whether to wait when facing uncertainty in future price."
"As a result, these financial institutions are forced to deleverage, leading to a decrease in credit intermediation."
"First, unless circumvention is rampant, education and enforcement often work better in combination, and not in isolation."
"In the long run TQM can increase productivity, raise quality, and lower costs."
"The informativeness of the consumer-generated quality information depends, however, on the volume of consumers who share their opinions and, thus, depends on the initial sales volume."
"This paper explores some issues in manpower planning."
"Our rich employee level panel data set affords us the opportunity to link formal training with performance at the individual employee level."
"failure"
"Such policies can swamp the criminal justice system and violate the principle that the punishment should fit the crime, but these objections have often been suppressed by an overriding desire to minimize consumption."
"There is a real need for empirical studies for the development of such a theory."
"Third, speculative behavior may generate incentives for the seller to artificially restrict supply, and thus may lead to lower capacity investments."
"The purpose of this note is to demonstrate that the branch-and-bound algorithm presented in Demeulemeester and Herroelen (1992) does not reduce the enumeration to semi-active schedules."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, finance."
"Dual formulations are indicated for constraints on the flow to destinations from origins."
"Some investors appear to use foreign securities for speculation or to improve upon poor domestic portfolio performance."
"We finally derive optimal solutions explicitly for the cases in which the reference point is the risk-free return and those in which it is not (while the utility function is piecewise linear), and we employ these results to investigate comparative statics of optimal risky exposures with respect to the reference point, the LLAD, and the curvature of the probability weighting."
"This paper empirically estimates the impact of not meeting promised new product introduction dates on the market value of the firm."
"They also adopt more takeover defenses."
"In this special issue of Management Science we want to develop more precisely the dimension and the extent to which what we know in management science is generalizable, e.g., is our knowledge about managing universal or specific?"
"A featured presentation at the Ninth Annual International Meeting of The Institute of Management Sciences, jointly with the Econometric Society, at Ann Arbor, Michigan, September 11, 1962.“A unified science of management.”"
"Regarding firm characteristics, the magnitude of the financial gains accruing from a firm’s own alliance experience is considerably higher for the smaller firm than it is for the larger firm."
"The assumption of convexity is inconsistent with increasing returns to scale and not implied by constant or non-increasing returns to scale."
"This algorithm will be of practical value, giving a technique for generating and analyzing the expanded opportunity set that exists by using options in portfolio management."
"Examples are the selection of personnel for a training program or the funding of research proposals."
"Our model can be used directly for a qualitative assessment of decision-making structures."
"These bounds clarify, in an exceedingly simple way, the cost impact of fixed setup costs, demand variability, and constraints on the batch size."
"A data set incapable of estimating a frontier of full dimension will in this case be denoted ill-conditioned."
"An alternative is to create forums within and between organizations which include representation from all parties with an affected interest in the problems at issue."
"The second and third studies extend and replicate the results from the first, the third using real rather than hypothetical choices."
"The research also shows the need to integrate data from engineering, manufacturing, and sales organizations to produce information for managing the growth of the firm's product families."
"We develop a model of portfolio choice to nest the views of Keynes, who advocates concentration in a few familiar assets, and Markowitz, who advocates diversification."
"Using a large panel of U.S. companies, I document that firms that rely more on arm’s length financing, such as public debt and equity, innovate more and have higher-quality innovations than firms that use other sources, such as relationship-based bank financing."
"Evidence supporting our hypotheses was found in two laboratory studies in which decision makers made judgments about their own enjoyment of musical pieces and short films."
"Our normative model sheds light on why the debt tax subsidy still persists around the world."
"Different models of uncertainty aversion imply strikingly different economic behavior."
"N jobs simultaneously arrive at a machine where they are to be processed."
"The insight for management: Using a new approach to target specific online markets could deliver a twofold improvement in actual click-to-order rates."
"The capital asset pricing model: An evaluation of its potential as a strategic planning tool."
"The model which is developed may be useful in situations in which management decisions must be made regarding the replacement of aging and obsolescing equipment for some specified period of time."
"The requirements at the demand nodes are nondecreasing functions of time."
"In addition, by interpreting advertising expenditures as an investment in brand capital, the approach in this paper provides a novel way to measure brand equity grounded in economic theory."
"The conceptual viewpoint taken is that police organizations are information processing systems, with activities connected in a communication network."
"Anal."
"The measure is applied to data on the forecasts and forecasting methods of a panel of U.S. economists to determine how the benefits of combining vary with the number of forecasts combined, and with the diversity in theories and techniques among the component forecasts."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.1933.This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"The new model enables a network designer to consider a richer set of alternative network topologies than the existing connectivity models, and encompasses the connectivity models as special cases."
"By minimizing this function with respect to the three control variables, namely, the sampling interval, the sample size and the acceptance number, the economically optimal control plan can be obtained."
"We identify complementarities between the two financial instruments."
"We then develop a game-theoretic model of a slow Dutch auction."
"Granot and Hammer (Granot, F., P. L. Hammer."
"Thus, we show that a truth-revealing mechanism can emerge from a relatively rich setup featuring two-sided information asymmetry interacting with postponement."
"Numerical examples are given to illustrate our algorithm."
"A series of 0–1 goal programs with preemptive priority factors provide models for each of the subunits."
"To address these questions, I assemble a novel data set that matches firms receiving a federal research and development subsidy through the U.S. Small Business Innovative Research program to VC-funded firms by observable characteristics in five technology-intensive industries."
"The authors suggest that familiarity is not enough; these effects do not disappear after repeated interaction between borrower and lender."
"Its success has been proved already especially solving a number of problems in manufacturing industries, transportation and energy, fields for which usually precise and abundant data are available which make it worthwhile applying sophisticated methods."
"Employing a first-differences specification to control for school-specific unobserved effects and instrumenting the quality of broadband to account for unobserved time-varying effects, we show that high levels of broadband use in schools were detrimental for grades on the ninth-grade national exams in Portugal."
"This paper was accepted by Anandhi Bharadwaj, information systems."
"A suggested computation for maximal multi-commodity network flows."
"The CPU time was often less than one second and has exceeded one minute only for three problems."
"This is called levelling or balancing the schedule."
"We show that idiosyncratic credit risk shocks propagate much more strongly in both tails than at the conditional mean or median."
"A stock-pile of several batches of components."
"Balance delay functions are drawn and the condition of perfect balance is shown to coincide with the zero points of these functions."
"In addition, the contractor has the option to reject the project if it does not provide a minimum NPV."
"The authors find that markets with asymmetrically informed traders have significantly smaller bubbles than markets with symmetrically informed or uninformed traders."
"Unauthorized subcontracting—when suppliers outsource part of their production to a third party without the retailer’s consent—has been common practice in the apparel industry and is often tied to noncompliant working conditions."
"We study this new class of problems, which are costly to specify, pose credibility issues for the focal firm, and require finely tuned awards for meeting the firm's needs."
"In this paper, we take a data-driven approach to quantify the operational impact of offering callbacks under a variety of callback policies."
"The analysis shows substantial differences among competitors in the approach taken (i.e., evolutionary vs. revolutionary) and results achieved."
"Integrated steel mills usually have a choice over the use of various materials and production processes."
"Our general approach is based on the Held et al. ("
"It enables us to obtain further results concerning the convergence of the above mentioned process and in the simplest case (n = 2) to discuss the optimal choice of depreciation vector."
"Our findings show a clear relationship between the equilibrium preannouncement strategies and agents’ strength of taste preferences."
"The impact of capacity deterioration and convexity in variable costs on forecast horizons is also considered."
"Because it is ubiquitous, Internet content is also useful to effect social change across countries."
"We consider a two-product firm that invests in the optimal capacity of product-flexible and product-dedicated resources in the presence of demand uncertainty."
"Relationship lending may create benefits for borrowers by reducing information asymmetries."
"Computational experience with respect to the convergence properties of the iteration and the accuracy of the approximation is given."
"This is a report of the results of some digital computer simulation studies of a simplified model of a job shop production process."
"We formalize this intuition theoretically and compute the resulting multimarket information asymmetry measure (MIA) for firm-days as a function of unsigned volume totals and without estimating a structural model."
"Our findings are supportive of a reciprocity mechanism, whereby workers retaliate for being distrusted."
"A Transaction-Level Analysis of Spatial Arbitrage: The Role of Habit, Attention, and Electronic Trading (p. 394)Eric Overby, Jonathan ClarkeArbitrage creates market efficiency."
"We use stochastic integer programming as a modeling framework, and we apply our approach to a facility location problem and a multidimensional knapsack problem."
"We study the optimal design and pricing of discretionary service lines, a range of services that are vertically differentiated through their duration (quality), offered to a market with customers who are heterogeneous in terms of their sensitivity to service duration."
"To improve performance, forecasters may measure their past mistakes and revise their forecasts by forecast revision techniques."
"First, using a fully controlled logistic model, we find that provider discordance reduces the likelihood of long-term opioid use 12 months after opioid initiation by 31% (95% Confidence Interval: [18%, 43%])."
"The paper concludes with a brief statement why long-range planning can be considered a major opportunity for, and challenge to, Management Science."
"In terms of the power, every game becomes a constant-sum game."
"In our survey, we observe that approval for gender quotas is low if women are not disadvantaged in the manager-selection process, regardless of whether there are gender differences in performance."
"Accelerated Learning of User Profiles (p. 215)Pelin Atahan, Sumit SarkarHow helpful is a website for a user?"
"A person searches through a population of possible actions, looking for one with high value."
"Our novel solution approach combines stochastic aspects of the problem with a challenging discrete facility location problem in a three-phase algorithm."
"We propose new data perturbation and shuffling (DPS) procedures, named MORE, for this purpose."
"Manufacturing and marketing managers compete for staff, space, cash, and other assets as they struggle both to determine what and how many products ought to be produced, and to actually produce them."
"A survey was taken of 17 police departments live years after they implemented PCAM, the Patrol Car Allocation Model."
"A population of 428 pre-1944 male Stanford Graduate School of Business MBAs was analyzed for association between executive success criteria and pre-MBA-award intelligence score on either the Thorndike Examination for High School Graduates or the Ohio State University Psychological Test, controlling for size of employing organization (large N = 99, medium N = 221, and tiny N = 108)."
"The analysis reported here demonstrates that the mean-variance approach to return and risk carries with it the consequence that statements about the relationship are inherently unverifiable in the context of the system being examined."
"But, faced with a queue of customers, individual attention and increased service quality for one customer generally increases the waiting time for all of the others."
"In this paper, we examine the impact of cost reduction under dynamic pricing, price commitment, and price matching when cost reduction can come from production learning or from technology advancement."
"We show that, on average, the tournament incentive plan was associated with improved store sales."
"In the event that a high-valuation advertiser is budget constrained, the search engine can use the FPBE mechanism to alter the listing order with the intent of keeping the high-valuation advertiser in the auction for a longer time."
"Management Sci.17(3, November).],"
"We provide a new explanation in this paper for why retailers might be interested in VMI."
"We find that deciding for others reduces loss aversion."
"In the well-known model of bilateral monopoly a single seller of a good faces a single potential buyer."
"It is, therefore, intuitive that both risk aversion and ambiguity aversion should positively affect the value of diversification."
"We consider three situations: (1) a traditional model where there is no information to the supplier prior to a demand to him except for past data; (2) the supplier knows the (s, S) policy used by the retailer as well as the end-item demand distribution; and (3) the supplier has full information about the state of the retailer."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"The problem is complicated by the fact that the maximum payload weight permitted on take-off varies considerably with the air temperature and wind speed and direction at the time of departure."
"Despite the prevalence and significance of walk-ins in healthcare, we know relatively little about how to plan and manage the daily operations of a healthcare facility that accepts both scheduled and walk-in patients."
"Discrepancies between the planner's and the model's schedules are interpreted with respect to both the adequacy of the model and the consistency of the planner."
"Our results suggest that the ability to change one's own mind is an important dimension of managerial success."
"The algorithm is computationally very simple, requiring the solution of a single linear programming problem which can be accomplished with only slight modification of existing computer codes for the revised simplex method."
"presented a method for applying linear programming to a linearized form of some nonlinear programming problems."
"When senior managers make the critical decision of whether to assign resources to a strategic initiative, they have less precise initiative-specific information than project managers who execute such initiatives."
"The algorithm consists of three basic steps."
"The analysis demonstrates that when managerial expertise is largely firm specific (general), the optimal pay-performance sensitivity is lower (higher) than its optimal value in a benchmark setting of symmetric information."
"First, as the name suggests, they perform the function that financial quantities such as returns on equity or returns on sales perform for private-sector organizations—that is, they are indicators of efficiency."
"We also show that this combination strategy carries over to subsequent consumer decisions that rely on advisors’ likelihood judgments."
"Manufacturers, policy makers, and researchers all claim that inadequate piracy enforcement efforts translate to lower investments in product development."
"They compare a baseline treatment in which supervisors are not restricted in their rating behavior to a forced distribution system in which they have to assign differentiated grades."
"Hence, the decision to install such a yard and the question regarding its location merit considerable thought and attention."
"Finally, we discuss theoretical, managerial, and policy implications."
"In a make-to-order environment, this flexibility can also be used to hedge against variability in customer orders in the short term."
"Two types of tests are forwarded."
"failure"
"9, pp."
"Our findings suggest that surgeon performance is not fully portable across hospitals (i.e., some portion of performance is firm specific)."
"At a local maximum, the objective function (1), can be expressed, in terms of the non-basic variables λ0, as  and the vector of partial derivatives of (13), with respect to the non-basic variables may be written,  This allows calculation of the maximum values of the non-basic variables, increased one at a time, consistent with ∇Z ≧ 0."
"failure"
"Often, Holt–Winters exponential smoothing forecasts adapted for modeling the intraday and intraweek cycles has been used."
"This has led researchers to examine alternatives to outcome feedback for improving decision makers' performance in such tasks."
"Several proxies for local organizational experience (“local learning”) cannot account for our findings, which are robust to a variety of alternative clustering definitions and competing explanations based on gaming behavior."
"An L. P. model for work force scheduling for banks."
"This paper was accepted by J. George Shanthikumar, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"The last section deals with the case when symmetry cannot be realized."
"The model considers the officer's income for each potential combination of future grade and year of service and his civilian income opportunities."
"The role of computerization in manufacturing and agility in firm innovativeness are discussed."
"We extend the model to a setting with two competing assemblers and knowledge spillover at the suppliers."
"How far does the power of the adjacent vertex methods extend in solving non-linear programming problems?"
"In addition, we extend the Dorfman–Steiner theorem to derive the optimal level and volatility of expenditures if volatility effects are taken into account."
"We conclude that an efficient labor market for executives can promote innovation by providing a mechanism of tolerance for failure."
"Finally, a systematic approach to the evaluation of such algorithms is introduced."
"The optimizations show that rescheduling programs can, on the average, substantially increase a network's audience size (11.6%) and advertising revenue ($61 million per year)."
"I believe that college departments' programs fall into two essential categories."
"This exploratory paper sketches some of the behavioral processes that give rise to the learning curve."
"Every time after a new machine is sequenced, all previously established sequences are locally reoptimized."
"This paper was accepted by Anandhi Bharadwaj, information systems."
"We distinguish between revisions of point estimates and revisions of attendant probability distributions."
"The analysis was triangulated using three measures of technology usage."
"The authors find that most of the negative returns to uncertain firms in months after high-sentiment periods fall within the three-day window around the issuance of management earnings guidance."
"Part II deals with the minimax and minisum location problems with mutual communication, location problems involving multiple objectives, the distance constraints problem and problems involving the location of paths."
"failure"
"It is assumed that the manufacturing time of the lots is of such length that phenomena usually called “learning” can be encountered within each lot."
"We introduce a laboratory paradigm for studying organizational culture that captures several key elements of the phenomenon."
"The effect of debt research on the debt market’s lag is incremental to, but comparable in magnitude to, hedge fund ownership’s effect."
"Although each mechanism has its virtues, all three exhibit a common limitation: an inability to fully explain the continuation and stability of intertemporal exchange between individuals and organizations in the face of change."
"While more sensitive to market factors, their returns are on average higher, suggesting that ambiguity averse investors need not be driven out of the market for risky assets."
"Walk/ride and pick systems are a popular method for performing this chore in many applications."
"The buyer allocates demand to the servers based on their performance; the faster a server works, the more demand the server is allocated."
"This relationship can bias the estimation of structural preference parameters."
"The model is recommended to the Pan American Health Organization to be used as an interactive gaming model to aid health system managers in Cali, Colombia and in other Latin American cities in scheduling the time and locations of vaccination teams in a more cost-effective manner."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"Which deterrence strategy the global firm should employ depends on the degree to which geographical proximity reduces imitation costs and the degree of differentiation between the local firm's and the global firm's products."
"Submitted to HQ for a centralized review."
"We compare the new model to Bechtold and Jacobs' model over a diverse set of 588 test problems."
"The problem is transformed into an equivalent one offering advantages of analysis and of computation."
"However, leasing might be environmentally inferior because of the direct control the firm has over the off-lease products, which may prompt the firm to remove them from the market to avoid cannibalizing the demand for new products."
"A key element of the work is an approach to analyzing processes at various levels of abstraction, thus capturing both the details of specific processes as well as the “deep structure” of their similarities."
"Buyers are assumed to comply with contracts because they are based in countries with strong legal systems."
"Overall, our welfare analyses reveal that in a competitive market, firms will prefer not to preannounce their platform features even if preannouncement may increase expected network effects."
"When there is spurious market identification, which parameters contribute to the spurious result?"
"In close collaboration with the public transportation agency of the city of Bologna, Italy, we designed a methodology to optimize some aspects of the contractual relationship between that agency and the bus operator."
"An application of linear decision rules to production and employment scheduling was described in the last issue of this journal [Holt, C. C., F. Modigliani, H. A. Simon."
"With such systems it is usually possible to select a relatively small number of the system variables so that when these selected (decision or coupling) variables are held fixed the complete nonlinear system can be partitioned into a number of relatively small independent linear sub-problems."
"Our results confirm managers' stated willingness to sacrifice long-term value in order to smooth earnings and their stated preference to use real actions to boost earnings to meet different types of earnings benchmarks."
"We also show that when inertia of the more price-sensitive customer segment increases, the aggregate welfare of consumers, the retailer, and manufacturers may increase."
"This argument is generalized to market weighted portfolios and the form of the stochastic process generating betas is linked to that of the market return process."
"This note shows that the decomposition may be sensitive to the order in which the two components are calculated, and, consequently, use of the decomposition may result in misleading signals being given to management."
"The model is applied to FY81-FY86 data from the U.S. Army Recruiting Command, which allocated over $1 billion for special incentives to selected recruits."
"A portfolio of customers with different demand lead times gives rise to what we call advance demand information."
"Understanding this, speculators conduct short selling beforehand to amplify (il)liquidity and add noise to stock prices, triggering a bank run, and subsequently profit from the bank's failure."
"In either case, a two stage linear program with recourse is shown to result."
"This paper develops quantitative models of factors that influence this risk/cost trade-off."
"However, when market dynamics are rapid relative to capacity adjustment, forecasting errors lead to excess capacity—overwhelming the advantage conferred by increasing returns."
"Stat.37 871–890.],"
"In this case, the method is shown to be capable of generating alternative solutions that perform well with respect to the modeled objectives and that are drastically different with respect to the land use pattern specified."
"Accordingly, research into this problem was initiated."
"To provide further insight, regression analyses are used to identify factors that influence the direction and magnitude of the change in market value."
"Essentially, internal control evaluation is used to determine the substantive testing necessary to render an opinion on the financial statements."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"This paper empirically investigates whether changes in product market competition affect firm boundaries."
"SSC-4, No."
"Note on ‘Manufacturing cycle time determination for a multi-stage economic production quantity model’."
"$3.50—reviewed by S. B. Littauer;—An Introduction to Probability Theory and its Applications, Volume I, (Second Edition) William Feller."
"Despite the sparsity of historical data, this methodology enables us to express the potential for catastrophic occurrences in quantitative terms, to compare these numbers with estimates of other risks, and to examine the effects of selective variations in the model inputs."
"This paper surveys models and algorithms dealing with partially observable Markov decision processes."
"The findings suggest that the risk of receiving stress-related medication increases significantly for employees at organizations that undergo change and that, as the breadth and scope of the organizational tumult expand, so does the use of such stress-related medication."
"The analysis identifies three design principles that will amplify the likelihood of an exchange program's success."
"Although current funding is for approximately 21,000 detention beds, we estimate that approximately 34,500 beds are needed to remove all potential detainees (this does not include nonviolent, noncriminal Mexicans, who are returned to Mexico within several hours) based on 2003 data."
"As organizations go, the one we have chosen to analyze is an extremely simple one, even when—as is quite obviously not the case in what follows—it is viewed in its full complexity."
"Methodologically, we adopt a linear policy and normally distributed demand and use Z–transforms to present exact analyses."
"It is shown that although learning is a powerful mechanism for improving organizational performance, it can often be confounded by the effects of attributional biases on the part of members, by the interactions of simultaneous learning by the members and the coordinator, and by errors in perceiving or interpreting experience."
"Arc lengths are such that it is sufficient to find any path from the origin to destination node containing a minimal number of arcs."
"Both effects improve the value of integration."
"We discuss how to verify that the relevant statistical properties are captured in these specifications, and argue that what are the relevant properties, will be problem dependent."
"We address these gaps via a transaction-level analysis of spatial arbitrage in the wholesale automotive market."
"In addition, principals’ earnings are significantly higher in the noisy environment."
"We also find that a better screening indicator leads to more restrictive screening when evaluation costs are low but, surprisingly, to less restrictive screening when costs are high."
"Using a real-effort experiment, we aim to discover whether people respond to the specific rank that they achieve."
"We analyze callable products in a finite-capacity setting with two fare classes where low-fare customers book first, and show that callable products provide a riskless source of additional revenue to the capacity provider."
"Finally, we analyze the impact of incorporating the custodial inventory program, another component of the Fed's new policy."
"The psychology literature has widely considered the halo a reflection of consumers' inability to discriminate between different attributes and have therefore labeled it the “halo error” or the “logical error.”"
"Existing procedural justice studies to date offer only pieces of the picture on how procedural justice judgments affect behavior."
"The model predicts that (i) in the case of conflict between the two processes, correct responses are associated with longer response times, but (ii) if both processes are aligned, errors are slower."
"A low-cost snow emergency plan was prepared, calling for some additional equipment, better deployment, and a strategy for more rapid mobilization."
"Our findings suggest that although different people may have different preferences and inclinations, their judgments of taste can benefit from the wisdom of crowds."
"Overall, the groups with access to the DSS made significantly more effective decisions in the business simulation game than their non-DSS counterparts."
"We fully characterize the equilibrium information sharing decisions under different investment costs."
"The results show that the market leader practices a product-proliferation strategy and rarely fights on price."
"Results of the simulation experiments confirmed hypothesis I and rejected hypothesis II."
"This research investigates the relative impacts of formal status and informal communication roles on influence in administrative and technical decision making."
"New York: John Wiley and Sons."
"Finally, education and enforcement may be strategic complements or substitutes in different parts of the parameter space."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"An important feature is the model's ability to represent a number of different interlevel information and organizational coordination mechanisms relating subordinate to ordinate and ordinate to superordinate."
"We examine extensions of our model that incorporate capacity investment, firm’s private information about quality, alternative updating mechanisms, as well as multiple sales periods, and show that our insights are robust."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"The bootstrap approach for testing skewness persistence."
"Reports on practical experience of the method's performance on real-life LP problems.2."
"These groups may correspond to learning in process, materials or technology."
"Math."
"He needs to encourage radical viewpoints."
"We further look at firm exit probability and find that firms with access to FinTech credit are less likely to go bankrupt or exit the business in the future."
"The new method which is presented in this paper, involves: (1) formalizing and quantifying the decision problem (using a quadratic approximation to the criterion function) and (2), calculating a generalized optimal solution of the problem in the form of a (linear) decision rule."
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"Erratum to Management Science, Vol."
"Our findings suggest that self-reported quality metrics are unreliable and, thus, that recent legislation may result in unintended consequences."
"For comparison purposes, a noncyclical heuristic and problem sets from the literature are used."
"We suppose that the decision maker has the opportunity of observing a random sample drawn from F(t, θ)."
"Specifically, we consider a common value auction in which a “naive” bidder (who ignores the winner's curse) competes against a fully rational bidder."
"In this paper we study how the priority scheme chosen by a revenue-maximizing firm differs from the one a social planner would use."
"The current paper presents four empirical studies showing that time inconsistency in the other direction is also possible: A person may prefer the smaller-sooner outcome when both options are in the future, but decide to wait for the larger-later one when the smaller option becomes immediately available."
"Opportunities in such science-based and specialist supplier firms in general emerge horizontally (in related product markets) and downstream (in user sectors)."
"First, while PLC always motivates farmers to plant more acres compared to the no-subsidy case, farmers may plant fewer acres under ARC, leading to a lower crop supply."
"This paper was accepted by Jesper Sørensen, organizations and social networks."
"We find evidence that founders select ventures as candidates for external finance based on their perceptions of market competition, market growth, and employment growth, while financiers base funding decisions on objective verifiable indicators of venture development, such as the completion of organizing activities, marketing activities, and the level of sales of the venture."
"We study two classes of problems under this integrated scheduling model."
"The authors evaluate more than 6,000 U.S. patents and find that firms do leverage recruits' prior inventions heavily."
"Second, as returns to venturing become large, corporate venturing emerges as a way to recruit/retain managers who would otherwise choose alternative employment."
"We study the drug licensing behavior (acquisition of rights for developing drugs) of large pharmaceutical firms in the aftermath of large negative shocks to their pipelines, phase 3 failures (P3Fs)."
"Studies conducted in recent years have shown that outcome feedback in dynamic decision-making tasks does not lead to improved performance."
"In addition, we find that overall revenue gains for Walmart from conversion outweigh the small cannibalization loss at the existing Walmart supercenters located farther away."
"Also, he runs together various major ideas (resolving multipliers, duality and efficiency prices) which need to be separated for more careful examination."
"This paper studies revenue-sharing contracts in a general supply chain model with revenues determined by each retailer's purchase quantity and price."
"Both LINMAP and DEA have theoretical and managerial advantages."
"The model clarifies the distinction between product class (performance) and conformance quality, identifies the sources of quality improvement, and provides an economic framework relating issues like product positioning, process improvement, quality function deployment (QFD) and customer preference estimation."
"Management Sci.38(7) 926–947.)."
"A systematic study of all other cases in the order of decreasing complexity follows."
"It is shown how, under certain assumptions, such information in the form of the probability distribution of the present worth, annual cost, or internal rate of return of the proposed investment can be derived."
"Interestingly, we find that in the IT sector, skills atrophy and consequently high-experience employees reap higher returns from training, which highlights the uniquely dynamic nature of IT knowledge and skills."
"Examples based on a municipal police force are used to highlight the concepts of the model building approach."
"Moreover, they also enable the social network and the CPs to share data, which individually improves their ability to place targeted advertising."
"The reason for this assessment relates to the new jet carriers spawned by deregulation."
"Overall, this research illustrates that the base-heuristic approach is a promising computational approach for MKPs worthy of further investigation."
"Although the individual choice behavior is partially characterized by randomness, the model attempts to reveal the underlying deterministic rationale of the choice behavior, abstracted from random fluctuations."
"Conventional accounting measures wealth W (assets and liabilities) and accounts for its net change, W(t + 1) − W(t), by means of income ΔW(t), classified into various revenue and expense items."
"J. Math."
"We extend the measurement of proximity beyond distance and report that air travel reduces local investment bias."
"Both the instrumental variable analysis technique and propensity-score matching (utilizing the minimum-bias estimator approach) account for omitted variable bias and indicate that this is a conservative estimate of the true causal effect."
"In this respect inspection is valuable."
"Overlapping development activities is widely used to reduce project completion times in product development."
"They can only do so effectively, however, for ventures in the hardware, energy, life sciences, and medical devices sectors; they cannot do so for ventures in the consumer products, consumer web and mobile, and enterprise software sectors."
"We analyze a well-known lower bound and determine its worst-case performance."
"This paper was accepted by Shivaram Rajgopal, accounting."
"Additionally, how does the relative importance of these mechanisms depend on the structure of the supply chain?"
"I also find that the influence of CFO network centrality is greater than that of CEOs in financial misreporting."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, behavioral economics and decision analysis."
"The manner in which these dimensions may limit the effectiveness of a manufacturing process, and the problems in operationalizing them are discussed."
"In this paper, a new and efficient iterative method for engineering changes of T is discussed, and this method is applied to the original generation of T, and to the inversion of certain matrices."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2343.This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"Also, the use of several criteria in combination failed to appreciably outperform the use of one model."
"The negative effects of past success are somewhat mitigated for ideators with diverse commenting activity on others' ideas."
"This paper was accepted by Kay Giesecke, finance."
"Second, we will not learn very much about directions for the field of planned change if discussion proceeds without consideration of the kinds of concrete problems we will likely face in the 1980s."
"The results of this study suggest that reputation deters attack only when the potential attacker considers the target firm a minor competitor."
"For a variety of heavy tail service time distributions, characterized by large coefficient of variations, analytical and numerical comparisons show that our scheme provides better system performance than the standard parallel multiserver model in the sense of reducing the mean delay per customer in heavy traffic systems."
"We show that the incentives of the supplier and retailers are better aligned under a revenue-sharing contract, as opposed to under a wholesale-price contract, reducing the supplier's incentive to leak."
"Having been involved with the affairs of the Institute during most of a year, they talked about its aims and activities."
"The insight for management: Tolerance for cultural diversity can allow an organization expanded business opportunities and profits."
"In his autobiography, Memories, Dreams, Reflections, C. G. Jung argues for a fascinating way of telling the story of one's life."
"In four studies, we find evidence of the censorship bias across the domains of demand estimation and sequential risk taking."
"I propose a dynamic investment-based model to understand the impact of advertising expenditures on stock returns and firm value."
"Management Sci.29 1156–1166.)"
"A simple model with two service centers and two laborers is employed to explore the relationships among three experimental variables."
"Prior work suggests that an increase in patient volume in a hospital service is associated with reduced costs per patient in that service."
"Beginning with the linear bandit setting, we design and analyze a sliding window-upper confidence bound algorithm that achieves the optimal dynamic regret bound when the underlying variation budget is known."
"Kochenberger's et al."
"An application to a three-member committee is discussed."
"A new solution concept called the one-core is introduced and studied."
"Included in the results are prediction intervals for warranty reserves and cash flows."
"Recently Kornbluth and Steuer have developed a simplex-based algorithm for finding all weakly-efficient vertices of an augmented feasible region of a multiple objective linear fractional programming problem."
"We present a method that dynamically designs elicitation questions for estimating risk and time preference parameters."
"The model represents a special case of the uncapacitated facility location and m-median problems."
"This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"Two forms of social interactions are identified and analyzed: (1) market-expansion effect (MEE)—the total market expands as a result of both firms’ sales—and (2) value-enhancement effect (VEE)—a consumer gains additional utility of purchasing from one firm based on this firm’s previous and/or current sales volume."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep K. Chintagunta, marketing."
"In VMI, distortion of demand information (known as bullwhip effect) transferred from the downstream supply-chain member (e.g., retailer) to the upstream member (e.g., supplier) is minimized, stockout situations are less frequent, and inventory-carrying costs are reduced."
"As customers are frequently unable to accurately articulate their needs, designers typically create one or several prototypes, which they then present to the customer."
"We are grateful for their contributions; without them the journal could not function."
"An optimal policy will usually belong to a special class of history remembering policies."
"Most scheduling research has considered optimizing a single performance measure (criterion)."
"The findings also suggest that the cognitive cost/benefit framework can provide a robust theoretical foundation for design decisions regarding graphical presentation formats in decision support systems."
"This paper presents new evidence regarding a firm’s probability for survival, based on the network structure of the firm’s managers."
"A brief overview with an extensive references list."
"The difference is often explained in terms of the intention principle—whether the consequences are intended or incidental."
"For more general cases, we develop efficient rounding schemes to obtain an integer solution."
"Specifically, we propose backtests for ES based on cumulative violations, which are the natural analogue of the commonly used backtests for VaR. We establish the asymptotic properties of the tests, and investigate their finite sample performance through some Monte Carlo simulations."
"Relative to an economy in which short selling is permitted, the financial market is less informationally efficient under a short-sale ban even when the ban is not binding."
"We provide a novel exact and efficient solution method, the modified balance equations disjunctive constraints (MBEDC) algorithm, yielding a mixed-integer program formulation; the computation times of this algorithm for sample problems are lower than enumeration by up to a factor of 200, and by a factor of 10 on average."
"The analysis reveals that the primary benefit of screening programs targeted to women of childbearing age lies not in the prevention of HIV infection in their newborns but in the prevention of infection in their adult contacts."
"We further unravel the key role of the product type in the optimality of zero-price sales by showing that the price fluctuations disappear after a finite time for a nondurable product."
"1988) proposed a partial enumeration algorithm which found all feasible designs and reported computational results."
"As a timely and important empirical application of our method, we study the validation of a forecasting model for credit default events."
"It is assumed that a single bond is to be outstanding at a given time."
"However, such a design may hinder the ability to extract price premiums through product differentiation."
"Although applied to only one city, this routing heuristic, together with the simulation approach, is of potential value to all city governments that experience snow and ice emergencies."
"Cognitive aging studies find evidence of a decline in fluid and crystallized intelligence in old age that may impact the ability to manage money effectively."
"We apply an inventory model that highlights the potential role of inventory in the manager's channel stuffing and the investors' valuation strategies."
"The various games treated differ in the assumptions made about the decision maker's ability to probability mix his choices and about his opponent's information concerning these choices."
"Although capacity can be changed by paying the appropriate capital costs, it is often impossible or undesirable to expand or contract capacity to meet exactly a time-varying demand."
"Consider the problem of minimizing the required number of work stations on an assembly line for a given cycle time when the processing times are independent, normally distributed random variables."
"A common allocation mechanism is based on a retailer's sales history: a retailer that has ordered larger quantities in the past should get a greater allocation than a retailer that has historically ordered smaller quantities."
"The topic, “A Management Information System—What It is and Why” was suggested by work that I did recently in preparation for the German symposium, “MIS—A Challenge to Scientific Research.”"
"We extend our model to consider alliances where firms have an opportunity to learn from their partners and later leverage this knowledge outside the scope of their alliance."
"A system manufacturer with private information about a chip's limitations can cultivate Intel's trust by informing it of the limitations of the chip and of new market opportunities."
"Instead, these movements can last for an extended period of time and are negatively related to performance outcomes during the decline phase."
"The IT investment projects discussed in this paper are categorized into development and acquisition projects, depending upon the time it takes to start benefiting from the IT asset once the decision to invest has been taken."
"We then present an efficient procedure to minimize the overall inventory in the system while meeting the required service level."
"The results provide guidance in using these strategies in particular screening applications."
"One of the building blocks of the Analytic Hierarchy Process (Saaty [Saaty, T. L. 1977."
"This notion is discussed in detail in Sections 1–5."
"How important is it to invest in efforts that reduce no-shows—i.e., given that we apply a schedule that takes no-shows into consideration, is the existence of no-shows still costly to the server and customers?"
"A procedure based on minimizing total redistribution and shortage costs within the period is given for determining the amounts (if any) to be shipped among activities."
"For games with empty cores, the one-core proposals tend to be pessimistic, i.e., they indicate the security level of the players."
"Black entrepreneurs apply for loans less often than White entrepreneurs largely because they expect to be denied credit, even when they have a good credit history and in settings where strong local banks favor new business development."
"The findings have implications for firms on job assignment and for workers on managing their careers."
"A simple hypothesis about consumer behavior in short run, non-equilibrium situations is presented."
"and Giffler [Giffler, B. Mathematical solution of production planning and scheduling problems."
"The authors find that markets structured to have a fixed sequence of trades exhibit greater accuracy of information aggregation than the typical form that has unstructured trade."
"We illustrate these features in a stylized consumption-based model, and provide the economic intuition behind the results."
"The variables are the efficiency of labor interchange, the degree of centralized control exercised in labor assignment, and the queue discipline."
"The control pattern included multiple, decentralized control loops."
"This special issue, by addressing problems surrounding marketing and operations management, depicts state-of-the-art approaches, methodologies, and insights to improve a firm's or supply chain's overall performance."
"Furthermore, we find that this positive return-factor relation is more pronounced among events that are more subject to investors’ anchoring propensity, featured by less investor attention, greater arbitrage difficulty, greater valuation uncertainty, less investor sophistication, and higher market sentiment."
"These results suggest that greater income heterogeneity might shape household consumption and credit decisions, as relatively richer households signal their higher status to their neighbors through the consumption of visible status goods."
"This extension although viewed here as a linear programming problem, takes advantage of the combinatorial aspect of the transportation problem, and applications may arise which, like the assignment problem, appear to be combinatorial problems, but which can be solved by linear programming."
"Many service systems have servers with different capabilities and customers with varying needs."
"Capacity Investment Timing by Start-ups and Established Firms in New Markets (p. 763)Robert Swinney, Gérard P. Cachon, Serguei NetessineDoes the capacity investment timing of established firms and start-ups in new markets differ?"
"This variable aggregates intraday option returns from midquote prices to compute an option’s total variability for a given day, providing additional information about the jump activity in the data generating process."
"We investigate how information asymmetry and procurement contracting strategies interact to influence the supply chain parties' incentives to collaborate."
"Our model is likely to be useful in systems where high variability is a cause for degradation and where numerous service interruptions are not desired."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"To date, the sciences making the greatest contribution have been mathematical and physical in nature."
"This paper addresses the single-product assembly system design problem (ASDP), which seeks to minimize total cost by optimally integrating design (selecting the machine type to locate at each activated station) and operating issues (assigning tasks to observe precedence relationships and cycle time restrictions)."
"This paper was accepted by Martin Lariviere, operations management."
"We evaluate the performance of these measures using the criteria of (1) ability to predict economically important behavior and (2) distinctness from other observables."
"Net economic benefit is the present value of economic benefits less the present value of economic costs."
"As testosterone levels could be affected by social, economic, and biological factors during one’s life course, we draw more robust inferences by assessing whether the 2D:4D digit ratio, a marker of prenatal testosterone exposure, influences the likelihood of self-employment."
"The dependence of optimal competitive effort allocations on factors such as gross profit margins, relative effectiveness of effort, and attraction elasticity of effort is studied."
"This paper describes an algorithm for the solution of the convex programming problem using the simplex method."
"This paper was accepted by Yossiv Aviv, operations management."
"Comment on a dynamic programming algorithm for joint replenishment under general order cost."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"The key prediction of this behavioral model is that channel efficiency decreases with loss aversion for sufficiently Nash-rational retailers."
"We then compare two systems: one in which the retailers hold stocks separately and the other in which they cooperate to centralize stocks at a single location."
"By using dynamic programming, the determination of a maximizing decision is reduced to the solution of a system of functional equations."
"We first explore the question of whether delay announcements impact customers’ behavior using a nonparametric approach."
"The assumed situation is as follows: two cumulative distribution functions F and G are in constant (unknown) ratio θ, for values of the random variables below t* (assumed known); F and G may behave entirely independently above t*."
"Those management and social scientists dealing with organizational behavior are severely limited by the need for more operational theory and by the paucity of experimental data on important events and phenomena."
"The main goal of this paper is to describe a new multistage Monte Carlo (MMC) simulation method for solving influence diagrams using local computation."
"How does he know when to stop or to continue searching when there is great uncertainty of how each location will perform?"
"We develop an accurate lower bound and close-to-optimal heuristic strategies of simple structure."
"An integer programming formulation of the problem is given, and the results obtained from the application of a heuristic procedure to a specific problem are described."
"Firms collaborate to develop and deliver new products."
"We are grateful for their contributions; without them the journal could not function."
"These minimax strategies, although not so called, are equivalent to decision rules on how to vote found throughout the literature of business organization."
"However, IPOs come back to earth; IPOs with high expected skewness earn more negative abnormal returns in the following one to five years."
"A new algorithm for locating sources among destinations."
"This paper was accepted by Assaf Zeevi, stochastic models and simulation."
"We also find evidence that supports the belief-based learning model."
"The optimal inspection policies are shown to generally be of only two possible forms, the choice of which depends upon the model parameters."
"6, No."
"In the presence of a supply constraint, potential customers who are not able to obtain the new product join the waiting queue, generating backorders and potentially reversing their adoption decision, resulting in lost sales."
"Erratum to Mairs, Thomas G., Glenn W. Wakefield, Ellis L. Johnson, Kurt Spielberg."
"Multiplicative growth processes that are subject to random shocks often have an asymmetric distribution of outcomes."
"It introduces a simple bounding rule which uses the concept of the “theoretical” minimum slack time to achieve rapid solutions."
"However, their ventures are less likely to survive."
"Our model’s spreadsheets quantify this division of time, and our simulation experiments investigate the determinants of development cycle time."
"x + 203."
"failure"
"Management Sci.14 (2, October) B-92–B-101."
"Our findings question the validity of a number of popular beliefs about the need for government support of basic research in various types of industries."
"J.-R. Barra, F. Brodeau, G. Romier, B. Van Cutsem, eds."
"Personal experience matters."
"The method can be used for the large GARCH family of models based on Gaussian innovations and may accommodate all low-dimensional European as well as American derivatives."
"Numerical results are provided in a particular bivariate case for several values of the cost coefficients."
"The theoretical and practical implications of the results are discussed."
"and “at which stations?”."
"How can a firm’s product line action elasticity (percent change in product line length with respect to percent change in competitor’s past and anticipated actions) be decomposed into reaction and anticipation elasticities?"
"We examine trading activity around insider transactions on the Toronto Stock Exchange and find evidence that some traders mimic insider positions."
"The evaluation of hedge fund performance is challenging given the flexible nature of hedge funds’ strategies and their lack of operational transparency."
"We develop a sufficient condition that guarantees that a time-driven release by the vendor and a time-driven update by the firm is the equilibrium outcome for patch management."
"How loss-averse bidders react to these different risks depends on whether they incorporate their bid into their reference point."
"We develop a model that represents the dynamics of a health care unit."
"Although our approximations are asymptotically correct,our Brownian approximation is accurate even under moderate traffic intensity."
"Substantial economic benefits resulted from using the mathematical models."
"This creates certain consternation on the part of customers."
"Over the past 10 years, many healthcare organizations have made significant investments in automating their clinical operations, mostly through the introduction of advanced information systems."
"Specifically, although both least squares support vector regression and recursive partitioning strategies greatly outperform dimension reduction strategies and traditional econometrics approaches in forecast accuracy, there are further significant gains from using hybrid approaches."
"This paper gives an account of an experiment in the use of the so-called DELPHI method, which was devised in order to obtain the most reliable opinion consensus of a group of experts by subjecting them to a series of questionnaires in depth interspersed with controlled opinion feedback."
"We provide a dynamic, game-theoretic model to examine a firm’s quality and pricing decisions for its new experience goods."
"Many of the activities performed in firms are done by teams, where a common output is observed, but outsiders cannot observe the individual contributions of each team member."
"Take-up rates for charity-linked promotions were not only much smaller than for discount-based promotions but also less sensitive to the exact amount involved, consistent with a view that the decision to take up a charity-linked promotion was driven in part by a “warm glow” from mere association with giving."
"A second study shows that the results hold even if all physical payments are conducted at the same time, suggesting that the framing of the payment scheme is sufficient to induce the prospective accounting behavior."
"By studying the Nash equilibria we show that, given political pressures, there is a very real danger that this process will continue until all, or practically all of the land has been urbanized."
"Theoretical and practical implications are discussed."
"The appropriateness of these conditions for different types of group decision problems is discussed."
"Many times the signs of successive cross-derivatives of a utility function play an important role in these models."
"Chicago, Ill.: Markham Publishing Co., 1967, 265 pp.,"
"The current research integrates (a) and (b) into a single computer-based model which permits the development of aggregate-output plans in the face of changing, productivity."
"Numerical examples and figures illustrate the various anomalies."
"In our model, the stochastically arriving customers are privately informed about their own processing time."
"Under the assumption that voters have linear preference orders, this study investigates the propensity of simple weighted scoring rules to yield a winning alternative which is the same as the alternative (if any) which would win using a norm rule such as the simple-majority rule or the Borda rule."
"In this paper we consider the problem of scheduling jobs on a single machine when the desirability of a schedule is evaluated using more than one performance measure."
"Also, computational shortcuts for functions with special properties can be used to increase the efficiency of the model."
"It also provides new perspectives on factors that are often considered in the literature, such as firm size, firm performance, equity ownership of the BOD, and BOD structure."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, decision analysis."
"Book Reviews—Bergen, Garret L., and Haney, William V., Organizational relations and management action."
"It describes the theoretical validation of Carroll's proposal for the convex programming problem."
"The only requirement for applying our metric is the availability of (upper) bounds on branching subproblems, which are often computed within most implicit enumeration methods such as branch-and-bound (or cutting-plane-based) methods."
"This is demonstrated by reference to accounting methods and to profit computation in particular."
"This paper studies a merger between price-setting newsvendors in an oligopolistic market."
"If certain information is given about the “psychology” of the players who participate in an n-person cooperative game, concerning their bargaining abilities, their moral codes, their roles in the various coalitions and their a priori expectations, then it is possible to define a measure for the power of each coalition which, perhaps, is a better description of the game than the usual characteristic function."
"Planning horizon procedures are shown to be easily extendable to the existing machine case as well as the case when machine lives are constrained within a prespecified finite interval."
"When the useful life of a commodity in the field (“the field life”) is affected by the time the commodity spends in store prior to issue (“the store-age”), it is necessary to assess under what conditions goods become obsolete in the store before they are issued."
"This paper attempts to provide an economic framework in which various job shop dispatching rules can be evaluated."
"This paper studies how industry peers respond when another firm in the industry is the subject of a hostile takeover attempt."
"Research and development (R&D) collaborations, common in high-tech industries, are challenging to manage because of technical and market risks as well as incentive problems."
"A design configuration with commonality can lower manufacturing cost."
"Second, we establish that under both preannounced and responsive pricing, even though the social learning process exacerbates strategic consumer behavior (i.e., increases strategic purchasing delays), its presence results in an increase in expected firm profit."
"We answer this question in the negative: Without trading, the investor shares in the cryptocurrency are martingales that converge to a well-defined limiting distribution and, hence, are stable in the long run."
"This paper was accepted by Jerome Detemple, finance."
"Management Sci.7 (3) 195–209.)"
"The inverse optimization model uses two sources of information to find the arc costs: reference pathways developed by a provincial cancer agency (primary) and data from real-world patient-related activity from patients with both positive and negative clinical outcomes (secondary)."
"It also describes how a variance reduction can be achieved using the method when comparing performance measures for two queue disciplines."
"We demonstrate that this approach is most valuable when cannibalization dominates competitive draw as a source of volume, and discuss its relative merits under low and high parts-sharing."
"We can also identify which personnel groups are likely to gain and lose under this reform."
"By breaking these statistical ties in a sensible way, researchers can avoid overfitting choice data and thus more resiliently measure individual differences in people’s risk preferences."
"Further, we examine how a firm's choice of a Type A project is affected by an increase in the variance of the project completion time of a Type A project relative to that of a Type B project, while the ratio of their mean completion times is held constant."
"Inspection procedures provide such a framework for units that must be reworked."
"We find that firms learn about their competencies in the two business lines and discontinue underperforming simultaneity arrangements to focus on the business where they perform better."
"Management Sci.17 (12, August) 793–802.]"
"Properties for these models are developed, and limited computational experience is reported."
"This paper studies a periodic-review, serial supply chain in which materials are ordered and shipped according to (R,nQ) policies."
"For a consumer on an e-commerce website, there are potentially two stages of information acquisition: the consumer can obtain information about an alternative from (i) browsing the search results page and (ii) clicking on the alternative."
"This article reports a procedure developed to assist the U.S. Department of Energy in selecting a portfolio of solar energy applications experiments."
"This paper examines the survival of 1292 new franchisors established in the United States from 1979–1996."
"Results are obtained to show what site the training grade should be in order that, on average, people spend some predetermined length of time in the training grade before promotion."
"We explore whether customer dissatisfaction follows a learning-curve pattern."
"Next, the basic elements of the CRIS approach are discussed and illustrated."
"After the completion of a merger and acquisition (M&A) transaction, the target firm is delisted, but some analysts who covered it retain coverage of the merged firm."
"This asymmetry in litigation exposure is viewed as an important driver for conservative accounting practices in corporations because conservatism reduces the probability of overstatements and hence, investor litigation."
"Employing a unique data set for the period 2000–2010, this paper examines the impact of formal enforcement actions targeting the core of the banks’ financial safety and soundness in terms of bank capital, risk, and performance."
"This paper shows through analysis, review of previous research, and simulation, that under ordinary conditions the probability distribution of these forms can be approximated by more population distributions (e.g., gamma or normal)."
"The present paper is restricted to a discussion of the following topics: (i) the general characteristics of the model and its topological features; (ii) a detailed solution algorithm, including a consideration of degenerate cases and the use of a computer; (iii) a more restrictive capacitated model and the corresponding modifications to the solution algorithm; and (iv) the complete illustrative solution of a numerical example."
"The diagnostic process consists of a search problem in which the service provider conducts a sequence of imperfect tests to determine the customer's type."
"We first introduce an auction mechanism that makes simultaneous production and transportation decisions so that the total supply chain cost is minimized and induces truth telling from the suppliers."
"We show this additional market friction helps rebalance the incentive structure, and in conjunction with the donor-priority rule, can guarantee an increase in social welfare by boosting organ supply without compromising organ quality or inducing excessively high costs of donating."
"This paper determines inspection policies which maximize the expected lifetime of the device."
"$9.00—reviewed by J. C. Sabto-Agami;—Work Sampling."
"We find that relatively richer households in the census tract use more debt and spend more on high-status cars."
"This paper was accepted by Charles Corbett, operations management."
"The authors demonstrate that the customer intensity of the service is a critical driver of equilibrium price, service speed, demand, congestion in queues, and service provider revenues."
"Salespeople are the eyes and ears of the firms they serve."
"At each stage, we allocate a certain amount of money for the construction of a component."
"It first reviews six milestones in the foundations of decision analysis that are associated with Frank P. Ramsey, John von Neumann and Oskar Morgenstern, Leonard J. Savage, Maurice Allais and Ward Edwards, West Churchman and Russell Ackoff, and Kenneth Arrow."
"Under ambiguity, deliverables specifications can interact with compensatory damages to create a form of “ambiguity insurance,” where ambiguity aversion is assuaged in a way that increases the aggregate, perceived value of the project."
"Patch management is a crucial component of information security management."
"1982."
"In this case, demands are vectors and may exhibit crossover, necessitating an allocation decision in addition to the ordering decision."
"In the main model, we assume that each firm sets a single price and commits to it across two selling periods."
"The unit production cost is an increasing function of the production rate."
"One of the filters assumes that the steady-state mean is accurately reflected by an estimate, called the “assumed steady-state mean,” taken from the last half of the simulation data."
"The risk-return tradeoff adapts to the client’s risk profile, which depends on idiosyncratic characteristics, market returns, and economic conditions."
"We propose an optimal currency hedging strategy for global equity investors using currency value, carry, and momentum to proxy for expected currency returns."
"In the extreme case in which both quantities are very high, no risky asset is held (nonparticipation).This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"In markets reaching saturation, firms are trapped in a prisoner’s dilemma: the greater investments create more value, but this does not translate into greater value capture because the value created relative to competitors does not change."
"In models that link scientific capabilities to patent citations, we show that scientific ideas are not simply inputs into inventions; important scientific ideas and influential patents follow different and conflicting selection logics."
"We feel that the usefulness of power comparison lies in allowing one to discern which individuals or groups influence decision making in the firm, which, in turn, determines at least the formal basis of firm behavior."
"This paper documents the fact that in options markets, the (percentage) implied volatility bid-ask spread increases at an increasing rate as the option’s maturity date approaches."
"We use simulation studies to show how the retailer will lose its ability to leverage the benefits of inertial demand as consumers become more price sensitive."
"Our analysis focuses on airline service quality."
"The general procedure followed in the present paper is to show that, although the series generated by the Theil-Wage model [Theil, H., S. Wage."
"The joint distribution in this population of the actual value, the preliminary information, and the additional information gained from testing, is assumed to be known."
"Objective functions of networks with special structures decompose into sequences of one-dimensional optimization problems."
"We study both profit-maximizing and social-welfare–maximizing platforms and compare equilibrium outcomes under both in terms of ownership, usage, and social welfare."
"The Office of Naval Research, and especially its Logistics Branch, has encouraged this development."
"Further, star articles increase these rates significantly more than other top 112 university scientists' articles."
"The firm must go through extensive efforts in these regards to attract participants and useful solutions."
"Time preference measures in these studies typically depend simultaneously on utility curvature, the level of impatience, and the change in the level of impatience."
"J. Financial Econom."
"In addition, the trading returns of independent directors previously unconnected with firm executives increase after the arrival of a connected executive and drop after the connected executive leaves the firm."
"This can drive the efficiency of market prices in spite of large numbers of traders who display patently suboptimal behavior."
"This incentive-risk tradeoff determines (a) the optimal winner's share that minimizes expected procurement price, (b) the corresponding profit fee bid by suppliers, (c) the ensuing cost control effort, and (d) the final price for the procurement."
"As companies continue to make large investments in information technology (IT), questions about how and in what contexts such investments pay off have gained importance."
"Fisheries management must set fishing seasons that define either length of season, amount of seasonal catch, or both."
"Using a game-theoretic framework, they show that when customers are largely homogeneous, such claims in fact carry no actual information; the retailer cannot create any credibility with the customers."
"Through such mechanisms as psychological set and functional fixedness, the previous problem-solving experiences of an individual can shape the constraints he perceives for subsequent problems."
"Applications of the procedure are illustrated by an example involving air traffic control communications."
"Through a series of illustrative vignettes, we show that customers who have discarded a particular service may have an increased risk of canceling all services in the near future (as intuition would suggest) but also may be more prone to acquire more services, a provocative finding of interest to service providers."
"This paper deals with the planning horizon issues of the problem of finding the optimal production schedule over a [0, T] period, for a product having: (1) deterministic demand, (2) strictly convex production costs, and (3) linear holding and back-logging costs."
"For concave cost functions, the firm may find it optimal to make larger than smallest-size packages."
"Public-sector planning problems are typically complex, and some important planning issues cannot be captured within a mathematical programming model of a problem; such issues may be qualitative in nature, unknown, or unrevealed by decisionmakers."
"This paper was accepted by Chung Piaw Teo, optimization."
"This paper was accepted by Neng Wang, finance."
"We do this by modeling the workcell as two interacting queuing networks: an open part/machine network, and a closed machine/operator network."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Under the preferences of Tversky and Kahneman (Tversky, A., D. Kahneman."
"We provide a parsimonious formula to predict the reference points, which we test out-of-sample."
"The forecasting method used is The Markov Process with estimated transition probability matrices."
"Thus, the model is concerned with two opposing forces (competition versus the company) trying to penetrate the same available product area simultaneously over a given time period."
"The third part reports the results of a duopoly confrontation involving various pairs of competitive strategies."
"If, on the other hand, orders can cross in time, then optimal solutions are still “lumpy” in the sense that each order will satisfy a set, not necessarily consecutive, of the demands."
"There are, he says, two stories."
"The optimal composition of cattle feed, which can be formulated as a linear programming problem in the case of certainty, is considered when compositions of inputs vary."
"Using primary data from over 1,500 resellers in a channel of distribution, we find that the mature phase is not the pinnacle of the relationship lifecycle; relationship properties (e.g., relationship harmony, overall dependence, and the reseller’s trust in the manufacturer) in this stage are no different than in the build-up phase."
"In deriving such a measure, three factors are significant:1) The specific purpose of the measure.2) Type and amount of information available.3) Relationship between various criteria."
"The model predicts that innovations commercialized through internal ventures are characterized by a higher fit with the internal resources of the established firm, a higher cannibalization of the established firm's existing businesses, and a lower profitability than innovations commercialized through external ventures."
"This asymmetric sensitivity is strongest for young CEOs and those with the shortest tenure."
"Actually, an important aspect of the problem is that of determining a suitable criterion of cost, one which is both realistic and analytically malleable."
"Many new product development (NPD) alliances tend to be asymmetric, that is, they are formed between a larger firm and a smaller firm."
"$14.95;—Wagner, Harvey M., Principles of Management Science with Applications to Executive Decisions."
"This paper offers the first large sample empirical study of the factors which influence the choice of Japanese firms between full or partial ownership of their U.S. manufacturing subsidiaries."
"The forms are quadratic, product, or mixed functions of variables which are normally distributed and not necessarily statistically independent. ("
"We relate these findings to anecdotal evidence and explore their strategic implications for competing firms relying on user-generated content."
"Several mathematical programming based solution methods are proposed when the data are binary, and an efficient algorithm is developed for the case when the screening function must also have binary weights."
"Modeling for the management of library collections."
"The convex simplex method."
"Choi, DeSarbo and Harker (1990) have recently proposed a numerical methodology for optimal product positioning and pricing under the assumption that the incumbents react only with price changes in the short run."
"The scenario, along with the model and an illustration are given."
"Research to date on obtaining optimal solutions has been limited to small problems."
"This paper integrates the process oriented view of quality in manufacturing with the multi-attribute product positioning and customer preference models of marketing, within the context of traditional economic models of markets and competition."
"This expository paper on the use of computers for management decision-making describes how decision models are created and used and points out some of the limitations of both models and computers."
"Our study demonstrates the approach by identifying robust, adaptive, near-term pollution-control strategies to help ensure economic growth and environmental quality throughout the 21st century."
"We study whether and how a firm can enhance social contagion simply by varying the message shared by customers with their friends."
"The algorithm establishes a parallel sequence that seeks to minimize the elapsed time required for both machines to complete processing without testing the set of possible permutations on operations."
"The heuristics used in each phase are considered in some detail."
"The emphasis is on methodology of approach rather than on a general solution."
"To date, the only means to reduce these risks of misclassification is to require subjects to make numerous visits for blood pressure measurement before they can be classified."
"In the present note a special matrix formulation is employed to yield simple solutions to both problems."
"Limitations of the scientific method in management science."
"This means that the goals and/or the constraints constitute classes of alternatives whose boundaries are not sharply defined."
"We provide a framework for how companies can use individual-level customer history data to capture the idiosyncratic preferences and beliefs that impact caller abandonment and redialing behavior and quantify the improvements to operational performance of these policies by applying our framework using caller history data from a real-world call center."
"These results are consistent with the argument that the control threat has important spillover effects for the other firms in the industry."
"There is a major setup cost associated with any replenishment of the family of items, and a minor (item dependent) setup cost when including a particular item in this replenishment."
"When a product of uncertain quality is first introduced, consumers may choose to strategically delay their purchasing decisions in anticipation of the product reviews of their peers."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2668.This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"This paper claims that the information transferred in the form of “orders” tends to be distorted and can misguide upstream members in their inventory and production decisions."
"Firms have more positive ARs when they (1) suspend higher-blame endorsers, (2) suspend endorsers whose negative publicity is related to their occupation, (3) maintain endorsers with a high product fit, and (4) do not suspend apologetic endorsers."
"The insight for management: More information sharing will not always improve supply chain profitability."
"From a practical perspective, these problems arise in several transportation environments."
"This paper was accepted by Kay Giesecke, finance."
"Some parts of the long-range planning problem have been widely discussed."
"Much of the motivation for this work comes from this problem which is shown to belong to the class of nonlinear convex multicommodity flow problems."
"While every firm in a supply chain bears supply risk (the cost of insufficient supply), some firms may, even with wholesale price contracts, completely avoid inventory risk (the cost of unsold inventory)."
"Our results show that vicarious learning in new product introductions in converging markets—which includes both mimetic and nonmimetic learning—is similar in some ways, but different from more traditional markets."
"The experiment reported in this paper is a first step towards filling this void in the empirical research in this area."
"Next, we show that this relation disappears when we control for ex ante measures of firms’ propensity to meet earnings expectations and that the component of dispersion explained by these measures drives the return predictability of dispersion."
"Furthermore, these losses can be avoided by deliberately selecting one of the noncomparable options instead of randomizing."
"In collaboration with industry partners, a normative model of the product concept decision process was developed, supported with tools and techniques, and codified as a decision support process for product development teams."
"The effect is equivalent to a reduction of 1,893–2,127 CNY (282–317 USD) in commuting costs per household per annum over 30 years."
"In my recent paper “A Minimax Ordering Policy for the Infinite Stage Dynamic Inventory Problem,” Management Sci.,"
"Article II of the Constitution of The Institute of Management Sciences provides that: “The objects of The Institute shall be to identify, extend, and unify scientific knowledge that contributes to the understanding and practice of management.”"
"The problem was formulated as a quadratic integer programming problem in a recent paper by Miltenburg (1989) where, however, only enumerative algorithms and heuristics were proposed for its solution."
"Because people are typically overconfident to begin with, receiving advice that agrees with their initial opinion can exacerbate overconfidence."
"The problem of finding an optimum, no-risk strategy for placing simultaneous win and place pari-mutuel bets is formulated in terms of a linear programming problem."
"The Dynamic Programming algorithm proposed by Rosenblatt and Kaspi (Rosenblatt, M. J., M. Kaspi."
"In view of current labor force trends, it is unlikely that the advertising industry will be able to attract a sufficient number of people to service that volume of advertising."
"The purpose of this note is to demonstrate that it is possible to satisfy at least three important objectives simultaneously in a maximal dynamic network flow problem."
"In particular, certain criteria will be established for quadratic loss functions and an algorithm is proposed which will yield an optimal scheduling—i.e., a minimal total loss—for nonlinear loss functions in general."
"While it is important to know when things happened, this knowledge only becomes significant and useable when it is understood why things happened."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"Each solution generated is good in the sense that it meets targets specified for modeled objectives."
"In the experiment, subjects face the standard portfolio choice problem in which the investor has to allocate part of his wealth between one safe asset and one risky asset."
"Presumably conventions such as this will help, over a period of time, by encouraging informal contacts between interested persons."
"This subset of customers and their demand are determined according to some probability distribution."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, finance."
"Following the experiment, Firm Vary merged with its closest competitor, Firm Fixed."
"These results contrast with the inspection good duopoly, and the driver is that consumers’ period 2 product preference depends on their realized values in period 1."
"Finally, even if a merger induces all firms to raise their prices, it can still improve expected consumer welfare by increasing firms’ service levels under uncertain demand."
"A strategy organizes decisions from being consistent with the law-of-effect in one extreme to being consistent with escalation of commitment in another extreme."
"It is desired to find a way to assign stations to trucks in such a manner that station demands are satisfied and total mileage covered by the fleet is a minimum A procedure based on a linear programming formulation is given for obtaining a near optimal solution."
"At the planning stage of healthcare services, for example, customer punctuality and service durations are often assumed equal their means—and this gap, between planned and reality, motivated our research."
"The authors examine whether ownership of intellectual property rights (IPR) or downstream capabilities is effective in encouraging entry into markets complementary to a proprietary platform by preventing the platform owner from expropriating rents from start-ups."
"Interestingly, trustors failed to anticipate how strategically their counterparts would behave."
"We explore how the establishment of an industry pioneer through foreign seeding of industry knowledge can subsequently catalyze the growth of a developing country’s industry by involuntarily propagating the knowledge to subsequent entrants."
"To disentangle the joint effects of performance on compensation and distress risk, we focus our analyses on new CEOs."
"In our model, the retailer engages in simultaneous bilateral negotiations with all manufacturers."
"In the newsvendor problem a decision maker orders inventory before a one period selling season with stochastic demand."
"Column generation is a well-known and widely practiced technique for solving linear programs with too many variables or constraints to include in the initial formulation explicitly."
"The analyst is assumed to rely on a standard market index."
"We consider a variant whereby marginal productivity decreases with fatigue, and we examine the optimal management of fatigue and productivity under various scenarios."
"This study provides experimental evidence that such a strong and positive correlation does not exist."
"At the end of each episode, contestants play a variant on the classic prisoner's dilemma for large and widely ranging stakes averaging over $20,000."
"This predictability also appears to be uncorrelated with individual household risk, suggesting that households are in a prime position to exploit it."
"We use counterfactuals to show a nuanced impact of left-digit bias, which can both increase and decrease the payments."
"But rarely have researchers considered or quantified this cost on an organizational level."
"A Multimethod Approach to Identifying Norms and Normative Expectations Within a Corporate Hierarchy: Evidence from the Financial Services Industry (p. 203)Stephen V. Burks, Erin L. KrupkaHow do ethical expectations and norms affect decision making in cases such as whistle-blowing on a peer, an incentive clash between serving the client and earning commissions, or a dilemma about fiduciary responsibility to a client?"
"The method takes advantage of strict convexity by first computing the absolute minimum of the functional."
"This paper discusses how contest holders can improve contest outcomes by devising an optimal information structure for their feedback policies."
"Some of the example problems that were tested are included in this paper."
"One is to simplify the forecasting procedure and to clarify its characteristics in the simplest possible manner."
"This paper provides evidence that stock traders focus on round numbers as cognitive reference points for value."
"The authors propose a “midweight method” based on a convenient way to obtain midpoints in the weighting function scale."
"failure"
"A liaison person in an organization has the role of a cut point of a connected graph."
"Incumbent cable systems also upgrade faster in response to municipal entry threats than to private entry threats."
"These were found to perform far better than known heuristics that ignored early costs."
"We show that a somewhat more classical mathematical programming approach leads to both competitive feasible solutions and strong lower bounds, within reasonable computation times."
"Professor Rapoport assumes implicitly that both parties to a conflict wish to resolve it; and he assumes explicitly that both parties have a similar psyche."
"Collateral requirements can, thus, increase defaults and payment shortfalls."
"A series of simulation experiments was conducted to test the effectiveness of the five strategies on schedule stability and system costs."
"Ignoring the agent's choice was detrimental to the principal because it engendered negative emotions and low levels of transfers."
"Finally, we calibrate our model with U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) data and provide insights about the effects of crop and market characteristics on the relative performance of PLC and ARC."
"Afterwards, we measure their intrinsic prosociality in one-shot games."
"Rather, we assume that firms are rational and that decision theory describes their actions."
"The two of greatest potential for improvement are cutting the felled tree into shorter logs (called bucking the tree) and sawing the bucked logs into lumber."
"Like the “caterer problem” [Jacobs, W. 1954."
"Demand can be deterministic or stochastic and revenue is generated either from rentals or outright sales."
"The nature of the optimal policy if the cost function is convex is indicated."
"We apply our model to existing experimental data on three distinct games: the p-beauty contest, Cournot oligopoly, and private-value auction."
"A network of 4,445 movies is constructed to indicate which movies are similar."
"Using linear programming results, it is shown that this technique is sensible only if the yield of a bond is a linear function of its duration measures."
"Problems from the analysis of optimal capital accumulation and portfolio separation are treated in some detail."
"A new algorithm, FLAC (Facility Layout by Analysis of Clusters), is described which emulates the visual methods used by industrial engineers in solving facility layout problems."
"Consumer and social welfare are both higher in multihoming markets than in single-homing ones."
"J. Oper."
"We numerically compare PSMD with several benchmarks on inventory control and energy storage applications."
"Two independent empirical validations using a total of 34 social media campaigns on two different large online social networks show that the proposed seeding strategy can substantially increase a campaign’s reach."
"The research agenda, which grows out of the appraisal of theoretical and applied work, indicates the value in studying generic flexibility strategies, the flexibility dimensions, methods of delivery, ways of evaluating and changing a process's flexibility, and above all measurement problems."
"A paper by Bultez and Naert in the May 1979 issue of Management Science tentatively concludes that profits are relatively insensitive to misspecification of the lag structure of advertising."
"In Part I of this paper, we develop an algorithm for finding planning horizons for the deterministic production smoothing problem when all demand must be met from regular production, under rather general assumptions for the production, production smoothing, and holding cost functions. ("
"Pivot and Complement is a heuristic for finding approximate solutions to 0-1 programming problems."
"Players are strangers because they do not know the identity of others and they will not play them again."
"This model is also applicable to a “divide and choose” fair division method, as well as some historical tax/customs schemes, and is more general than comparable bidding/auctions models."
"Trading performance analyses indicate that outside directors earn substantial abnormal returns from their deferrals, with a significant proportion of the deferral transactions occurring during blackout periods."
"Several predictable due-date assignment rules are developed based on conditional estimates of individual job flow time derived from initial simulation runs."
"We discuss a prevalent fleet sizing management model that is static in nature, and propose an alternative dynamic model based on a time-space network representation."
"In our Robinson Crusoe case, an individual must be entirely self-sufficient, and annuities are not available."
"This note formulates an assignment problem for obtaining optimal level schedules for mixed-model assembly lines in JIT production systems."
"On April 5, 1965 the members of a class in Studies in Operations Research were presented with statements (appended) concerning the relationship of the scientist in industry with the industrial manager."
"It proposes a model that links these mechanisms to effectiveness in the management of revolutionary and evolutionary development approaches."
"Some will even go out of their way to broaden their horizon of choices."
"Negative binomial count and dispersion models with patent citation data demonstrate that new combinations are indeed more variable."
"Much of the literature studying such systems relies on an understanding of the relative costs and benefits associated with serving different customer types by the different levels of service."
"Estimating the annual production cost is a crucial component in long range capacity planning for electric utilities."
"Information supplied late in the project to the applied researcher is of little or no value."
"We use the heterogeneity in buyer search cost to rationalize why a firm offers periodic price discounts and enjoys a high profit in such a market."
"14, pp."
"In a recent paper, Petersen (Petersen, N. C. 1990."
"Econometrica64 1109–1123) risk vulnerability into mean variance preferences."
"$11.25;—Rosen, Robert, Optimality Principles in Biology."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2932.This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"In other words, although in a serial supply chain a retailer may have just cause to fear quantity discounts and two-part tariffs, a retailer may actually prefer those contracts when offered by competing manufacturers."
"Absent such subsidies, the two-retailer equilibrium arises when the two retailers compete less intensively."
"Previous algorithms solve the feasibility problem in O((m + log n)(m2n3 + n4)) operations."
"A transfer function-noise model is developed relating national output to SMSA employment."
"We show that the value of corporate diversification increased during the 2007–2009 financial crisis."
"In this survey, the first-, second- and third-order stochastic dominance rules are discussed with an emphasis on the development in the area since the 1980s."
"Of the relatively neglected areas, one of special importance is manpower planning."
"As long as the aspiration level does not exceed the maximum expected return achievable with the given budget, the desired investment strategy must be sought among the efficient solutions in the Markowitz sense."
"Numerical study shows that considerable supply chain cost savings can be achieved if production and transportation costs are considered simultaneously."
"In the multiple-period and infinite-horizon settings order-up-to policies that are dependent on the distribution of capacity are shown to be optimal in spite of a nonconvex cost."
"This note raises questions about two of the results of Hogarth and Makridakis (Hogarth, R. M., S. Makridakis."
"This is accomplished using a recursive-type algorithm which traces systematically the propagation and alteration of various errors."
"In this paper we show that for a finite Markov decision process an average optimal policy can be found by solving only one linear programming problem."
"However, many models available for evaluating these decisions are either too complex and inefficient or too restrictive in the number, types, and the way appearance of future technologies is modeled."
"To study the competition in PDT at the marketing level, we construct an oligopoly game with an external QoS requirement."
"A key objective of our research is to examine how firm characteristics such as their differential efficiencies in completing projects, differences in the degree of substitutability between Type A and B products, and first mover advantages affect product development strategies."
"Its economic interpretation as a procedure for decentralized decision by the multi-division firm or the multi-sector economy is explained in detail."
"With a data set consisting of automobile sales transaction data from a major U.S. automaker, the authors find a 20% improvement in prediction accuracy over state-of-the-art benchmark models, which can result in a 10% increase in revenues from optimizing the offer set."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"The authors find that enhanced design helps to reduce customer deferral by offering consumers a product they value more and are less willing to risk missing out on."
"Global economic growth at other times of the year does not predict international returns."
"An optimization approach based on a column generation/branch and bound methodology is developed, and heuristically adapted to test problems including five real-world problem instances gathered from industry."
"Social planners may thus need to tailor the reference structure to the predominant mode of social comparison and their objective."
"Computational results are reported on 120 randomly generated problems involving up to 50 items in 15 stages and up to 18 time periods in the planning horizon."
"New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1959."
"However, there is a price to pay, with the cost in the following period being approximately 7.5% of quarterly net income."
"For this general formulation, we prove that the firm may restrict attention to cyclic pricing policies, which have length, at most, twice the maximum willingness to wait of the customer population."
"Working paper, Stanford University, Stanford, CA] to capture economic policy uncertainty (EPU) in the United States, we find that EPU positively forecasts log excess market returns."
"Unmet demand is back-ordered."
"When trying to maximize the adoption of a behavior in a population connected by a social network, it is common to strategize about where in the network to seed the behavior, often with an element of randomness."
"North-Holland, Amsterdam.]."
"This study constructs a measure in which both dimensions can be captured, allowing business strategy researchers to examine corporate diversification in the global context."
"We also find that the effects of IPR on the likelihood of partnership are greater when an ISV has weak downstream capabilities or when the threat of imitation is greater, such as when the markets served by the ISV are growing quickly."
"We find that groups organized in the hybrid structure are able to generate more ideas, to generate better ideas, and to better discern the quality of the ideas they generate."
"The supplier is privately informed about the outcome of his design/production investment."
"This gives rise to an ex post moral hazard issue where the agent may “hide” inventory to earn a bonus."
"We study a mechanism design problem in which an indivisible good is auctioned to multiple bidders for each of whom it has a private value that is unknown to the seller and the other bidders."
"We then show that she general problem of minimizing the weighted lk norm can be equivalently formulated as a set covering problem."
"Based on an empirical study at a Singaporean hospital, we propose a novel stochastic processing network with the following characteristics to model inpatient operations: (1) A patient’s service time in the inpatient wards depends on that patient’s admission and discharge times and length of stay."
"We observed both high correlations between successive monthly demands (around 0.7) and correlations between demands for an item at different locations (also about 0.7) in a given time period."
"The goal of this paper is to understand why simpler contracts may commonly be preferred in practice despite being theoretically suboptimal."
"The question now is whether this situation is identical to the case where the six members evaluate candidate one as much better than candidate two and four members evaluate candidate two as slightly better than candidate one."
"Counterintuitively, we find that the policy that maximizes total funding each week leads to higher utility for the donors over time than a policy that maximizes donors’ total utility each week."
"system, which attempts to reduce alphabetical and numerical files to a single file, problems of overflow occur when new members fall between two existing members with consecutive numbers."
"We study the demand forecast-sharing process between a buyer of customized production equipment and a set of equipment suppliers."
"In doing so, we find that information considerations present an impetus for uniform pricing requirements since they promote incentives for retail firms to both acquire and disclose relevant accounting information."
"We address these by considering two cross-training strategies: a straightforward capacity-balancing approach, which we call cherry picking (CP), and an innovative overlapping zone strategy that we call skill chaining."
"Queueing networks have been used to model the performance of a variety of complex systems."
"We describe the resulting equilibrium outcomes corresponding to the manufacturer’s different sourcing and inventory strategies."
"This article develops the dual program corresponding to a hyperbolic approximation, of the constrained multi-facility location model using lp distances."
"Models of vertical market structures are developed and solved for equilibrium numbers and levels of middlemen."
"Price Discovery in the U.S. Treasury Market: Automation vs. Intermediation (p. 695)Kasing Man, Junbo Wang, Chunchi WuHow has automation affected market efficiency in trading markets?"
"These effects do not disappear following repeated interaction between borrower and lender and are economically sizable: A one-standard-deviation increase in cultural distance, approximately the distance between Canada and the United States or between Japan and South Korea, is associated with a 6.5 basis point higher loan spread; the loan spread increases by about 23 basis points if the bank-firm match involves culturally more distant parties, for example, from Japan and the United States."
"We propose a novel data-pooling algorithm called Shrunken-SAA that disproves this intuition."
"In this paper, we study the impact of consumer-generated quality information (e.g., consumer reviews) on a firm’s dynamic pricing strategy in the presence of strategic consumers."
"Therefore, simple techniques to estimate the size of aggregation error are necessary to help analysts choose the most appropriate level of detail for an analysis."
"The former acts as a barrier to explorative/active learning and the latter as one to absorptive/passive learning."
"Digitization has impacted firm profitability in many media industries by lowering the cost of copying and sharing creative works."
"A key element of the methodology is the development of descriptive and normative system models which are based on the concept of a “linear responsibility chart.”"
"Our modeling approach is motivated and calibrated using actual data in collaboration with Oracle Retail, leading us to introduce and study a class of models for which the boost effects of promotion vehicles on demand are multiplicative."
"While this is an important measure of customer satisfaction, it has not been widely studied in the operations management literature."
"Increasing manufacturing flexibility is a key strategy for efficiently improving market responsiveness in the face of uncertain future product demand."
"The insight for management: Regular and clear earnings guidance can help avoid irrational expectations of investors and subsequent abrupt and negative corrections."
"The use of diversification as a policy for the reduction of variance of outcomes is discussed."
"The theory to solve the stated problem is presented and solutions to certain specific cases are given."
"The model describes the problem-solving process as a sequence of five stages: problem recognition, identification procedures, information acquisition and integration, definition of constraint set, and comparison and adaptation."
"Although the use of free samples is extensive across industries, the effects of free samples across individuals with varying levels of usage have yet to be systematically examined."
"For a convex program with a nonlinear objective function and linear constraints this identity in general does not hold."
"Our computational study suggests: (a)the new heuristic produces high quality solutions fast and robustly, (b)state of the art commercial packages like CPLEX require significantly larger computational time to achieve the same quality of solutions, (c) the ADP approach using the new heuristic competes successfully with alternative heuristic methods such as genetic algorithms, (d)the ADP approach based on parametric and nonparametric approximations, while producing reasonable solutions, is not competitive."
"In the economic evaluation of large public-sector projects, an aggregate social discount rate may be used in present worth comparison of alternatives."
"$16.50;—Evans, C. R. and A. B. J. Robertson, eds.,"
"In combinatorial auctions, multiple distinct items are sold simultaneously and a bidder may place a single bid on a set (package) of distinct items."
"2003."
"“Negotiation analysis” seeks to develop prescriptive theory and useful advice for negotiators and third parties."
"Further, integrative linkage variables were found to be an important group of variables that results in the improved effectiveness of the integrated program."
"The paper develops a new theory for the analysis of games with incomplete information where the players are uncertain about some important parameters of the game situation, such as the payoff functions, the strategies available to various players, the information other players have about the game, etc."
"This paper was accepted by Rakesh Sarin, decision analysis."
"opportunities and constraints over a time horizon."
"As an application, we consider the self-financing portfolios formed by Fama and French (1992, 1993, 1995), based on market capitalization and value."
"One of the major decisions that firms face regarding R&D-intensive businesses is a structural one: establishing the appropriate level of internal strategic interdependency within and among business units."
"One of the most popular types of inveatoiy management is the (Q, r) system, in which a quantity Q of an item is reordered whenever the inventory position reaches the reorder point r. A number of packaged computer programs are available for this system."
"In this paper an example of a semi-infinite program is given which is consistent and which has a finite minimum."
"This paper compares inferences about hospital cost and production correspondences from two different estimation models: (1) the econometric modeling of the translog cost function, and (2) the application of Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA)."
"Moreover, many of the descriptions that have been used are not arbitrage-free, and therefore inconsistent with modern financial asset-pricing theory."
"He has been unable to understand work which has never been adequately described, and he has poor access to the manager's information, most of which is never documented."
"Thus, the model allows for firm-specific unobserved heterogeneity that evolves based on firm actions."
"Hierarchical models are particularly natural in this context since variability in the experts' judgments results in part from heterogeneity in their baseline experiences at different VA medical centers."
"The dual in nonlinear programming and its economic interpretation."
"We also extend the model to include country-level variables, and find a negative relationship between IT investment and interest rates, but positive and significant relationships between investment, openness to trade, and telecommunications infrastructure."
"Our empirical results support three key predictions about trust, IT, and supply base size."
"This pattern has come to be known as the accrual anomaly."
"This is understandable in the sense that statistical techniques are relatively new to the accounting profession and new techniques, rather than the old, require exposition."
"W. W. Norton, 338–368.)"
"We also identify when educating consumers to be more environmentally conscious can improve the relative environmental performance of leasing."
"We embed this reference-dependent utility function in a quantal response equilibrium framework where the retailer is allowed to make decision mistakes due to computational complexity."
"Appropriate means for mechanizing such a procedure are discussed, and operating results of the program on actual problems are presented."
"In order for these programs to be effective, full participation of the subject population is required."
"Employees may manage this trade-off by reducing processing times during periods of high workload, resulting in an inverted U-shaped relationship between utilization and throughput time."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"In several experiments, we manipulate advisor quality and measure the extent to which advice agrees with a person’s initial opinion."
"A field experiment involving 94,571 orders from 24,637 customers of an app-based laundry pick-up, cleaning, and delivery service examined the effects of various randomly assigned tip recommendations on consumers’ tip amounts, satisfaction ratings, frequency of return, and bill size."
"These questions are in need of much more study."
"The first set is a collation of small-scale random problems that are solved to optimality to provide known benchmarks."
"Two promotion rules are used, viz."
"A methodology for determining the optimal design of a free standing abortion clinic."
"It is shown that finding the minimum cost production plan is equivalent to finding the shortest route through an acyclic network of extreme point production plans."
"Shared fixed cost and network flows."
"Furthermore, for emergency admissions, we find evidence that increased emergency activity in one specialty is associated with lower costs of emergency care in other specialties (a positive spillover)."
"We consider a discrete review, single product, dynamic inventory model with stochastic demands."
"Our model connects the method of processing imprecise observations with the individual's attitude toward ambiguity."
"The model has broad application to allocation problems including allocation of activities to zones, resources to activities, and elements to sets for the purpose of grouping and structuring decisions and information flows."
"One, message routing causes any particular message to be distributed to relatively few organizational units, and thus greatly reduces the information processing load of the many units that might otherwise be involved in receiving or relaying the message."
"18, No."
"By analyzing and comparing policies that ignore goodwill with ones that account for it, we investigate when and how customer memory effects impact supplier profits."
"How does competition impact firms’ incentive to innovate by investing in information technology (IT)?"
"We examine the strategic interactions between a technology firm that introduces a new subsystem and the respective end-product manufacturers (“integrators”)."
"Empirical study of the work of five managers (supported by those research findings that are available) led to the following description: Managers perform ten basic roles which fall into three groupings."
"Ann."
"This paper adopts a multidisciplinary view of innovation by integrating operations and marketing perspectives of product development."
"We propose an empirical model to analyze the effectiveness of several design approaches used in practice, based on a massive data set covering 8.6 million direct-mail communications with donors to the American Red Cross during 2009–2011."
"Interdepartmental Balances."
"We consider random wealth of the multiplicative form x̃ỹ, where x̃ and ỹ are statistically independent random variables."
"These rules can be easily applied to discrete distributions (e.g., ex-post data)."
"In this paper, Bayesian model comparison methods are shown to lead to a predictive distribution for the decision problem without the intermediate step of model selection."
"The increments are generated in a decreasing stochastic order and, under the Kingman limit, have a known distribution."
"We develop a game-theoretic model to obtain insights into the project selection problem taking into account competitive reactions to a firm's choice of project development strategies and technical uncertainties associated with project completion times."
"Management Sci.12 385.]"
"We present insights and discuss intuition regarding which product categories likely lead to a positive versus negative value of concealment."
"Several sample problems are solved."
"Thus, user expectations held at the end of the Definition stage might serve as early warning indicators of MIS implementation outcomes."
"The form of the model is an inequality and delineates the relevant variables."
"An asset should be replaced when its net contribution to present worth from an additional (marginal) year of service no longer exceeds its external market value."
"This latter conclusion confirms that reached by an independent study of the U.S. Agency for International Development and the Ministry of Agriculture in Egypt."
"All sufficiently long finite horizon problems produce a first decision that is optimal for the infinite horizon problem."
"The approach is based on the beta-distribution assumption; also, most PERT-type formulas use only three estimated fractiles."
"The results suggest that “hybrid” (i.e., less hierarchical) governance institutions increase adaptation costs."
"This paper examines the drivers of adoption of Internet banking and the linkages among adoption drivers and outcomes (product acquisition, service activity, profitability, loyalty)."
"The relative contribution of a trading system to price discovery depends on liquidity, volatility, volume, trade size, and order imbalance."
"In a path-analytic model, R&D intensity was significantly associated with improvements in market share (R2 = 34%), controlling for firm size, previous market share, and regardless of industry or region of the world."
"$9.35—reviewed by Roy W. Jastram—Training in Business and Industry, W. McGehee and P. W. Thayer."
"Rather than posting a price, the retailer waits for potential buyers to submit offers for a given product and then chooses to either accept or reject them."
"At this time, studies were confined primarily to investigation of more efficient methods of performing the first step in the estimation procedure: determining the age distribution of accounts."
"1955."
"Results of the simulation included statistical data on individual project duration and cost as well as overall network time and cost."
"Almost half of the cost overrun on major weapon systems during the late 1960's and early 1970's was due to refinement of original cost estimates for reasons other than changes in performance, economic conditions, engineering and construction scheduling."
"They also propose a “microperturbation” method for masking data that overcomes other clustering methods' inability to preserve important statistical properties such as the variance of attributes and the covariance across attributes."
"Simulation tests on the algorithm are also discussed."
"When hedge fund firms start funds of hedge funds, we find evidence of value creation, driven by better management of economies of scale and cross learning."
"Employing mergers of large, multimarket banks as an exogenous credit supply shock, we find that marketplace lending absorbs unmet demand for consumer credit following a decline in the availability of bank credit."
"We design a branch-and-price–based optimal clearing algorithm specifically for the probabilistic exchange clearing problem and show that this new solver scales well on large simulated data, unlike prior clearing algorithms."
"New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1958, 244 pp, $8.50—reviewed by Henry Teicher;—Probability An Introduction."
"Management Sci."
"In order to evaluate the results, a generalized partition comparison measure and its distribution are developed."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"The authors also find that, under some assumptions surrounding the form of competition, information sharing by retailers is beneficial depending on the relative accuracy of the information being shared."
"Using what he calls a “Basic Chance Constrained Programming Model,” BCCM, R. A. Blau proceeds in Blau [Blau, R. A. 1974."
"The methods discussed apply to problems which, in physical appearance, are different from production lines; among these are chemical production, overhaul and repair systems, etc."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"Our results provide a unified framework to understand the lottery-related anomalies in the literature."
"Ultimately, so the argument went, they would come so close together that they would almost inevitably find their own settlement.”"
"Previous research on endowment focuses on a single unit of a good (e.g., one chocolate)."
"A small example concerning analgesics is used to illustrate this methodology."
"Management Sci.28 1166–1173.)."
"The authors of this article ask this question: How much are we influenced by an author's identity when evaluating the quality of his or her work?"
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"What process, in other words, should organizers of status-based contests impose on those who covet peer recognition?"
"The oath did affect decision times in all instances: the average person takes significantly more time deciding whether to lie under oath."
"The scoring rules examined are of the types implemented by ballot instructions such as “vote for two of the following seven alternatives” and “indicate your first (1), second (2), and third (3) choices from the following list of ten candidates.”"
"The performance of these heuristics under various scenarios is tested by running simulations calibrated using industry data."
"We also exploit a feature of structured finance that identifies rating shopping and find that incumbent ratings increase in shopping."
"In general the Senju-Toyoda algorithm was the fastest, but least accurate on small and medium size problems."
"If that initial gift is costly, then the decision maker may develop a prosocial identity that spurs future giving."
"Depending on the environment, correctness should be compensated more or less than agreement."
"Research in a single steel company highlighted the existence of autonomous safety goals and the importance of innovative activity in their realization."
"This paper was accepted by Neng Wang, finance."
"Arrivals are Poisson and service times are exponential."
"Analyses are based on detailed data gathered from 26 firms, founded between 1968 and 1975 in Massachusetts, supplemented by a three-member expert panel evaluation of the risk associated with use of each firm's products."
"This paper seeks to get behind specific contextual referents of risky situations to consider characteristics of risk that apply to many situations."
"Management Sci.6 (2) 187–190."
"Under a weak behavioral assumption and some symmetry requirements, an explicit upper bound for the winning bids is established."
"The distribution is determined for a finite time horizon, and does not rely on the assumption of continuous portfolio revisions."
"Among social scientists, the theoretical formulations of the leadership concept have continued to shift, focusing first upon one aspect and then upon another."
"The problem of linking computing and information services to end user needs for performance evaluation has been a long standing issue in the systems literature."
"For example, the objectives may be minimizations of total cost, consumption of certain scarce resources such as energy, total deterioration of goods during transportation, etc."
"This is followed by a series of empirical comparisons of the predictive validity of CRIS versus two entropy-based induction methods (ACLS and PLS1), statistical discriminant analysis, and the backpropagation method in neural networks."
"We observe their real-time responses to the two failures and whether they contribute an improvement idea."
"Choosing randomly is generally considered a natural way to deal with such situations."
"For store shoppers, the service facilitates research-online, buy-offline behavior, as well as product availability information that eliminates wasted trips to the store."
"Res."
"These effects are driven by heavy prescribers of brand name drugs in the prepolicy period, particularly for drugs with large prepolicy sales forces."
"proposed to relax the convexity assumptions invoked in traditional Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA)."
"Moreover, as conformance quality increases, the cost of improving communication-focused EQ decreases, indicating complementarity."
"Total production costs can then be optimized by minimizing the number of these setups while at the same time producing little or no waste."
"In particular, we treat a variety of modifications to this basic theme, including the cases of identical, proportional, and unrelated processors."
"We discuss theoretical explanations for these results and the managerial implications for successful team formation in movie production."
"I use three laboratory experiments to investigate if employers can use the mission to economize on monetary incentives."
"The model, which is based upon decision segmentation and disutility minimization, was tested in the framework of vendor selection decisions."
"The size of the local neighborhood, however, grows exponentially with the dimension of the problem."
"Gatekeepers in general were found to perceive a higher level of uncertainty than others in all six firms."
"They choose PSD with steeper performance-pricing schedules than those chosen by rational managers."
"The model was validated by collecting data on food energy intake and activities from ten healthy young men."
"Prior to failure the device enters a state in which it is functioning, but in an impaired manner."
"In the most complete model this is done by modification of the state probability vector of a Markov process."
"In addition, the results suggest that the existence of an AVM system can significantly affect the average time between the arrival of the first and second one-officer units."
"By analyzing panel data from over 10,000 Internet households and three commodity-like products (books, compact discs (CDs), and air travel services), we show that the amount of online search is actually quite limited."
"To study such situations, we introduce a stylized model of financial contracting between a client, who wishes to trade a large position, and the client’s dealer."
"Using Singapore data, we estimate the elasticity of driving with respect to sunk costs to be 0.048, which implies that government policy between 2009 and 2013 was associated with 86 kilometers per month, or 5.6%, more driving."
"with a very special cost matrix."
"failure"
"This note describes a simple procedure for assessing utility functions which avoids many difficulties of the standard techniques."
"This paper provides empirical evidence of this rarely supported argument."
"Interestingly, this result influences the inventory decision, too."
"We conclude that the productivity paradox disappeared by 1991, at least in our sample of firms."
"These error expressions can be used to analyze the impact that alternative quality control procedures would have on the selected outputs."
"Particularly important for explaining both product innovation and financial performance of these firms are salient combinations of classic elements of good environment, good strategy and good organization—strong positions in growing markets, investment in research and development, open and creative organizational structures and supportive organizational climates."
"Vertical Differentiation with Variety-Seeking Consumers (p. 390)Robert Zeithammer, Raphael ThomadsenHow should prices and quality levels be set when customers desire variety?"
"By exploiting generalized inverses an algorithm is developed for determining xα."
"Conclusions."
"They are not refereed for technical correctness, as are articles and Notes that appear in Management Science."
"Two procedures which have been typically used in the past are discussed and some obvious weaknesses are pointed out."
"This paper discusses the relationships between stage of development in organizational life cycles and organizational effectiveness."
"This product is characterized by a sequence of operations of given length and each requiring a set of resources; the problem is therefore to allocate such resources and scheduling the operations in order to maximize the throughput."
"A pair of symmetric dual quadratic programs is generalized by constraining some of the variables to belong to arbitrary sets of real numbers."
"We find a significant and positive relationship between product complexity and vertical integration."
"In extreme cases where managers cannot be incented contractually, private ownership is thought to be the primary organizational substitute."
"We estimate that the retailer’s profit under randomized markdowns is 81% higher than from subgame-perfect, state-contingent pricing, because the retailer need not limit its inventory to credibly limit markdowns, which permits its jointly optimal inventory stock to expand by 133%."
"R&D project or portfolio characteristics are passed upward; while R&D goals and/or budgets and associated levels are passed downward."
"The possibility of identifying nonoptimal decisions, as in MacQueen [MacQueen, J. B., 1966."
"This paper was accepted by Alfonso Gambardella, business strategy."
"We also prove similar results regarding the optimal time allowances and sequence for the case where only means and supports of job durations are known."
"Karlin (Karlin, S. 1960a."
"The sequence of observed states is a stochastic process dependent upon the sequence of decisions, in that the decisions determine the probability laws that operate on the system."
"We find that, on average, approximately 56% of the variation in national-brand purchase shares can be attributed to these five factors."
"$4.95—reviewed by Richard Bellman;—Prediction and Optimal Decision."
"These SDR relationships enable us to establish the lognormal efficient frontier."
"The managers' responses to particular types of signals and particular combinations of moves and messages change over the course of the simulation."
"To protect and raise farmers’ income, the U.S. government offers two subsidy programs to farmers: the Price Loss Coverage (PLC) program, which pays farmers a subsidy when the market price falls below a reference price, and the Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) program, which is triggered when farmers’ revenue is below a threshold."
"A fast and simple priority dispatch method is described and shown to produce acceptable schedules most of the time."
"Customers remember when they were shorted; a customer's order quantity is positively correlated with past fill rates."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"In facilitating the diffusion of data base design tools and techniques, organizational resources such as information sources, communication channels and a technical support function are found to influence only certain classes of these innovations."
"More parsimonious one- and two-factor models that feature only the average and/or carry factors are rejected."
"With a simplified model, this paper explores technology development paths generated by two risk-constrained methods, and compares the two risk-constrained methods with a risk-factor method."
"R. Tagiuri, ed."
"For a large class of stochastic, price-dependent demand models, we prove that these four heuristics admit tractable solutions satisfying intuitive sensitivity properties."
"Among 1,000 German brokerage clients for whom both survey responses and actual trading records are available, investors who report enjoying investing or gambling turn over their portfolio at twice the rate of their peers."
"comments on a media model previously published in this journal [Zufryden, F. S. 1973."
"In a manufacturing firm, there are certain functions to be performed, such as maintenance or clerical work (often overhead type functions), where again the potential service level is expensive to change."
"With ISA, other performance measures—such as agent utilizations, abandonment probabilities, and average waiting times—are stable as well."
"Publicizing Performance (p. 918)Günter Strobl, Edward D. Van WesepWhy not hide employee success from competitors to reduce poaching?"
"We show that even with such data, a variety of common disparity measures are generally unidentifiable, providing a new perspective on the documented biases of popular proxy-based methods."
"$12.50;—White, D. J., Decision Theory."
"The results show that a manufacturer can leverage his timing advantage to strategically implement a temporary contract adjustment (TCA) mechanism, which allows him to counter his informational disadvantage and either eliminate or reduce the hidden information cost."
"Namely, by distributing its seasonal catalog of products over multiple assortments rotated throughout the season, as opposed to selling all products in a single, fixed assortment, the retailer effectively conceals a portion of its full product catalog from consumers, injecting uncertainty into the consumer’s relative product valuations."
"x + 332."
"These results are then applied to an example taken from a casebook on financial institutions."
"Why do some leaders use praise as a means to motivate workers, whereas other leaders use social punishment?"
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2317.This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"A manufacturer distributes a product through retailers who compete on both price and fill rates."
"Enriching a traditional linear programming product-mix model to include learning effects results in a nonlinear model which may be more realistic, but is also likely to be more difficult to solve."
"Finally, we model the level of a household's shopping activity and integrate it into our model of search."
"The form and manner of data transmittal must be prescribed and organized."
"We show that, as tier-2 suppliers are impacted by these events, focal firms experience negative abnormal returns, the magnitude of which is significantly larger when the impacted tier-2 suppliers are more heavily shared."
"The “winning” policy is based on a rather intricate theorem whose proof comprises §5."
"The inherent computational complexity of combinatorial bidding cannot be eliminated."
"Diagnostic Accuracy Under Congestion (p. 157)Saed Alizamir, Francis de Véricourt, Peng SunConduct a quick assessment or an accurate one?"
"The results also indicate that such adaptation costs have implications for multiple aspects of firm decision making that are nominally beyond the scope of those governance institutions."
"The analysis finds no impact of financial incentives on learning but significant effects of both goal setting and counseling on real financial outcomes."
"This procedure simultaneously pools or groups cross-sections while estimating a separate negative binomial regression model for each group."
"This paper presents a dynamic programming algorithm for simultaneous determination of production batch sizes in an assembly network and distribution batch sizes in a conjoined distribution (“arborescent”) network."
"Because of the “doubling back” effect caused by finite block and facility sizes, actual distances travelled are often much greater than indicated by the l1 norm."
"On examining managers' view of these alliances, we find that, on average, same-function alliances are expected to perform better than cross-function alliances, holding fixed the level of inputs."
"However, regulators sometimes approve drugs using a surrogate outcome—an intermediate indicator that is faster or easier to measure than the true outcome of interest—for example, progression-free survival—as the primary endpoint when there is demonstrable medical need."
"Technology usage was positively and significantly associated with measures of hospital revenue and quality, and this effect occurred after time lags."
"To test whether a process shift has occurred, we inspect the last m units for every n units produced and stop the machine if a defective unit is found."
"Our analysis offers useful prescriptions for how incumbent suppliers should react to competitive threats by smaller competitors, how manufacturers should react to powerful retailers who can produce their own private-label brands, and how upstream firms should optimally treat downstream firms who may have different marginal costs of distribution."
"A class of scheduling problems involving deferral costs has been formulated by McNaughton, who has described a simple method of solution for the linear, single-processor case."
"In the model, creditors, who learn information from stock prices, will grow increasingly unsure about the bank's true fundamentals in facing noisier stock prices; thus a run on the bank is more likely because of creditors' concave payoff."
"We also discuss how our results relate to contracting practices observed in industries characterized by rapid innovation, such as information technology."
"For each of the seven identified groups (established suppliers, fast movers, high-tech job shops, stalled giants, established diversifiers, dominant specialists, and laggers) a multi-way analysis of variance is performed to study the influence of various interdependencies measured in term of vertical integration, shared facilities, and shared marketing on two criteria of performance: market share and ROI.The findings indicate, first, that the interdependencies required to achieve high performance are contingent upon the nature of the product R&D-intensive business and its environmental characteristics."
"Math."
"As a result multinational corporations (MNCs) approached different countries with the expectation that each plant would primarily serve its domestic market."
"As returns to venturing increase, firms engage in corporate venturing for reasons other than capturing these returns."
"In particular, we show that a major airline was less likely to continue outsourcing a route to a regional partner after the 2008 crisis the lower the present discounted value of their preexisting relationship and hence, the larger the negative effect of the crisis on the relational contract’s “self-enforcing range."
"We propose that the volatility of order flow is a proxy for costs of information asymmetry, as order flow volatility varies positively with parameters that also influence adverse selection costs of trading."
"As a consequence, any algorithm which solves one of the problems also solves the other two problems."
"This new duality theory is somewhat simpler than previous theories of infinite programming."
"This note demonstrates how this class of frequently encountered problems can be formulated as generalized assignment problems within the conceptual framework presented by Ross and Soland (Ross, G. T., R. Soland."
"Economic incentives are a promising approach for improving health behavior but have been limited by their short-lived benefits."
"Our analysis shows that this belief is correct for same-function alliances, but not for cross-function alliances."
"There is no intention to reopen the discussion about the merits or demerits of our individual position; I merely wish to keep the record straight."
"Further, we provide preliminary evidence suggesting that this result may be driven by the familiarity that a surgeon develops with the assets of a given organization."
"Each solution corresponds to a certain compromise between the two parties in terms of transport risk and economic viability."
"This paper discusses the variety of subjects studied: demand prediction, inventory control, procurement and other decision rules, management control systems, etc."
"The empirical results show that the proposed approach not only better fits the data of consumer choice and negotiated price, but it also provides additional insights into buyers' and sellers' behaviors in comparison with models that study only consumer choice or the negotiated price, but not both simultaneously."
"The presence of such predecisional distortion of information was tested in decisions made by two groups of professionals, auditors and salespersons."
"In this study we apply this approach to a forecasting task."
"In our monthly Management Insights we highlight—without using technical jargon—the insights and implications for practicing managers that are explored and developed in each article published in the issue."
"The Free Press, 1959, 321 pp. ("
"Although rational explanations cannot completely be ruled out, analyses using earnings expectations, fund flows, the probability of informed trading, and order imbalances do provide evidence that noise traders are more bullish about high beta stocks when sentiment is optimistic, whereas investor behavior appears to accord more closely with rationality during pessimistic periods, supporting our hypothesis."
"This procedure is continued until the complete system optimum has been obtained."
"failure"
"Available storage space frequently limits the aggregate stock level carried in multi-item inventory systems."
"In particular, the heuristics consistently obtain high-quality solutions to the test problems."
"We seek an optimal allocation of resources within the framework of orthodox welfare assumptions."
"The same approach can be adapted to much more general parametric programs than the one above."
"Thus, the negotiation analytic approach tends to de-emphasize the application of game-theoretic solution concepts or efforts to find unique equilibrium outcomes."
"These classes are interdependent and their members interrelated in any realistic situation."
"The seller sets a price and offers the buyer an opportunity to purchase the good."
"Our field experiment results show that our new algorithm lowers the rate of switching to larger boxes from 29.5% to 23.8% for targeted packages and reduces the average packing time of targeted packages by 4.5%."
"Utilizing housing transaction data in Sydney from 2000 to 2014, we find that transaction prices are significantly higher for auction sales compared with private sales, consistent with the notion of a “winner’s curse.”"
"Numerische Methoden bei Optimierungsaufgaben."
"Chains possess scalable advantages that explain their existence, including branding, superior business models, and learning strategies."
"The geographic concentration of the industry is attributed to four early successful entrants and the many successful spinoffs they spawned in the Detroit area and not to conventional agglomeration economies benefiting co-located firms, as featured in modern theories of agglomeration."
"This paper develops a conceptual framework that relates information-integration initiatives to manufacturer profitability."
"failure"
"We do this by comparing behavior in the different games with several behaviors elicited in the field and with self-reported behaviors exhibited in the past, using the same sample of participants."
"The procedure suggested is emphasized as a diagnostic instrument useful for validation, and for suggesting iterative modifications of a simulation model."
"A primary tool that consumers have for comparative shopping is the shopbot, which is short for shopping robot."
"We assume that the decision maker can commit to a subset of the above properties (the use of a law invariant convex risk measure for example) and that he can provide a series of assessments comparing pairs of potential risky payoffs."
"Development of a combination of probabilistic and physics-based models for workflow interruptions permits evaluation of the expected link travel time."
"The paradox involved in sequences of Prisoner's Dilemma games is due to the fact that game theoretic definitions of optimality rarely coincide with any natural meaning of the word."
"Vendor-managed inventory (VMI) is emerging as a significant development in the recent trend towards collaboration and information sharing in supply chain management."
"An increase in growth option intensity can increase performance–effort sensitivity more than expected-pay–effort sensitivity so that, as incentives increase, pay–performance sensitivity decreases."
"In this paper, we present constant factor approximation algorithms for the cardinality- and capacity-constrained assortment-optimization problem under the Markov chain model."
"On the basis of these distributions of preferences we find strong evidence that AV would have selected Condorcet winners when they exist and would have always selected the Borda winner."
"The survey is organized by characterizing the mathematical form of the nonlinear optimization problems addressed by the various algorithms."
"We formulate this rental management problem as a problem in stochastic control and characterize optimal policies for managing contract and walk-in customers."
"Englewood Cliffs, N. J.: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1967, 202 pp.,"
"Proxy contests that address firms’ business strategies and undervaluation are most beneficial for shareholders."
"Furthermore, in many settings, the approach yields upper and lower analytical bounds that provably converge to the true option price."
"Furthermore, SMEDAL is not limited to computer applications but can be used to save effort in any such study."
"Focusing specifically on how firms reduce status inconsistency by restructuring their business portfolios, we argue that status inconsistency motivates firms to divest business units to present a more coherent vertical market identity."
"Building on this platform, we analyze the determinants of “style turbulence”—the year-to-year unpredictability of changes in a style’s prevalence."
"While such research is useful in providing insight about the implementation problem, it provides little guidance for the management of ongoing implementation efforts."
"Extensive numerical experiments show that the approximate and exact values are nearly indistinguishable for a wide range of parameter values."
"Many firms rely heavily on the expertise and resources provided by suppliers when developing new products."
"Drawing on prior literature, we develop a microeconomic framework that captures employees’ circumventing behavior in the face of security controls."
"p. 274)Timothy S. Simcoe, Dave M. WaguespackJohn Grisham, James Patterson, Mary Higgins Clark, and Danielle Steel, among others, are all well-known authors whose works are regularly New York Times Best Sellers."
"We devise a method based on graph theory to efficiently generate response system types (RSTs), including constituent components, the locations from which each of the component types is obtained, and the staging area at which that RST is composed."
"According to the structural model, high prestige exhibits a significant certification effect throughout the sample (1985–2010), but there is also a countervailing effect of underwriter prestige that reflects subscriber preferences for more underpricing."
"However, the average error for the myopic heuristic over all scenarios tested is 20.0%."
"Systems such as these are critical to an organization's functioning; indeed to its survival."
"All possible special cases of the general model are presented in a systematic fashion."
"We develop a model of regard for others and in-group favoritism that predicts interaction effects between organizational values and personal values in contest games."
"We consider the problem of determining the cumulative distribution function and/or moments of the optimal solution value of a nonlinear program dependent upon a single random variable."
"The direct-mail budget is limited, but better-designed mailings can improve success rates without increasing costs."
"The latter class reviews work relevant to some of these characteristics separately for several fields of expertise."
"337–340."
"This highlights an important feature of markets: marginal (in this case, market making), not average, traders set prices."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Most theories of economic decision-making under uncertainty recognize that the value assigned to an uncertain prospect may differ from its “actuarial value,” or that the utility of an expectation may differ from the expectation of the utility."
"Our results showed that the proposed formulation is very useful in solving large shift scheduling problems optimally."
"More recently, utility theory has been suggested as an alternative approach."
"Hegelian inquiring systems."
"This paper examines the CPDO as a case study in model risk in the rating of complex structured products."
"Because customers can increase expectations over time, customer dissatisfaction may not decline even when the product or service improves."
"failure"
"We find numerous aspects of trade execution which are significantly related to the price impact forecast error in economically plausible ways: For example, the predicted price impact overestimates the actual price impact for very large trades, for trades executed in a more patient manner, and for trades where the institution pays higher commissions."
"The authors also find that hourly IT workers (e.g., IT contractors) are disproportionately employed in tradable jobs and that their onshore employment is 2%–3% lower in firms with offshore captive centers."
"First, there will be a general description of the nature of a computing or data processing machine followed by illustrations of how it is that computers can speed the processing of information."
"A critical issue in many marketing research studies is the creation of experimental clusters for the purpose of testing new products, advertising campaigns and other marketing decisions prior to widespread introduction in the marketplace."
"The current literature also suggests that the gambler’s fallacy prevails when random numbers are generated by mechanical devices, such as in lottery games."
"In contrast to standard portfolio choice models, changes in the investment opportunity set in one regime can affect the optimal trading strategy in another regime even in the absence of transaction costs."
"Orders were randomly assigned to either the new algorithm (treatment group) or Alibaba’s original algorithm (control group)."
"Previous endowment effect experiments have examined circumstances in which people encounter a single unit of a good (e.g., one chocolate)."
"In our setting, we find evidence of such complementarities in specialization."
"The main conclusion is that the value of information in a competitive market exhibits a sharp decrease as the number of firms that share the information increases."
"This is the quest of General Systems Theory."
"promotion by seniority and promotion at random."
"We then use these expressions to investigate how the firm should determine the size of its capacity and the time to market its new product."
"$18.50—reviewed by William C. Finnie."
"Specifically, we consider two queue design features: queue structure, which can be either parallel queues (multiple queues with a dedicated server per queue) or a single queue (a pooled queue served by multiple servers), and queue-length visibility, which can provide either full or blocked visibility."
"Then, it identifies the challenges faced by managers in practice and discusses the conditions under which workers follow the algorithm."
"A value tree relating general values and concerns to specific value relevant attributes was constructed to compare three energy options: nuclear, coal, and a combined geothermal and conservation package."
"The classic areas of Advertising Research such as Product, Consumer, Media, and Copy Research, defined as the Advertising-Marketing Complex, are availing themselves of the mathematical and statistical modeling techniques being designed throughout the entire research community of the world."
"have formulated a production planning and inventory control model that appears relevant to an important class of non-stochastic decision-making problems."
"We derive implications for cost system choice and transfer pricing, including showing that firms may cross subsidize their products—a result consistent with the empirical evidence."
"Such changes could lead to variance reduction, thereby improving the performance of the process."
"Our results also generalize a special case previously studied to demonstrate how a marginal cost pricing strategy may result in some of the capacity costs being borne by off-peak users."
"1) When many efforts to generate ideas are conducted in parallel, how likely are the resulting ideas to be redundant?"
"Therefore, the theater provides a unique laboratory for assessing the value of human capital to an enterprise, a question that has been studied in other contexts, including the CEO value literature."
"Several effective refining procedures are also proposed."
"Recent Developments in Statistics."
"Bargaining proceeds as follows."
"We use these results to analyze the impact of the quota and find that, holding salespeoples’ total compensation fixed, eliminating quotas results in 8% lower profit for the retailer."
"A unifying example is used throughout."
"failure"
"A comparison of the allocations generated by the model to the current allocation of fire companies in New York City shows that one value of the trade-off parameter produces results that correspond closely to the current allocation policy."
"Three-person teams in one section used a DSS while the teams in the other section played the game without such an aid."
"A program for research on management information systems."
"Maximizing average audience size is a major objective of national television networks."
"failure"
"Collaborative Cost Reduction and Component Procurement Under Information Asymmetry (p. 189)Sang-Hyun Kim, Serguei NetessineHow much should a manufacture rely on its suppliers?"
"More specifically, the program should be designed for a student who desires a management science education to meet his career goal in either a university, business or government position."
"Sales technology has been touted as a primary tool for enhancing customer relationship management."
"In other words, the introduction of consumer rebates can serve as an enticement for retailers to sell, not just for consumers to buy."
"Assuming that there is no backlogging of requirements and that the market requirements are monotone increasing, i.e., not decreasing from period to period, the form of the minimum cost production schedule is obtained."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2177.This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"Taken together, our results help a policy maker identify the superior system for achieving the desired objectives."
"Reduction in setup time, for example, is usually presumed to reduce inventory."
"We present a new network aggregation/disaggregation approach for solving a multiperiod, network model with bundle (Generalized Upper Bounding) side constraints."
"When a customer enters the network, she is free to choose the sequence of stations that she visits, with the objective of minimizing her expected total system time."
"Therefore, in this paper, I present a model that assumes such an interdependence of benefits."
"Search theory is used to model the information processing activities and to study the value of unit memory, communication between units and the coordination of two or more units."
"Different schools of thought have emphasized different reasons why joint ventures might support greater knowledge transfer than “bare” license agreements: incentive alignment, organizational embeddedness, and enhanced administrative controls."
"This paper argues to the contrary that under plausible conditions zero-tolerance policies may actually encourage controlled users to consume more, not less, than they would if the punishment increased in proportion to the quantity possessed at the time of arrest."
"In collaboration with an online daily-deal platform, we design and conduct a large-scale randomized field experiment involving more than 75,000 customers to identify the causal effect of different message designs on creating social contagion."
"It includes descriptive factors frequently ignored in the valuation of capital investments by regulated firms, including lead time, lumpy and sequential cost outlays, irreversibility of expenditures, and uncertainty about regulatory outcomes for completed projects."
"Using a biform game, we examine whether such a position can confer a competitive advantage, as well as whether any such advantage could persist if actors formed relations strategically."
"The newsvendor problem is a fundamental decision problem in operations management."
"Structural properties of the optimal worst-case policy are characterized by using the robust Bellman (dynamic programming) equation, and arms are shown to be no longer independent under nature’s worst-case response."
"The inclusion of additional terms in the Taylor expansion series of the investor's marginal utility produces a pricing kernel function of market stochastic volatility, stochastic skewness, and stochastic kurtosis."
"To achieve this goal, we have aimed at more and more complete office automation."
"Vol."
"The recent financial crisis highlights the importance of market crashes and the subsequent market illiquidity for optimal portfolio selection."
"This new approach should facilitate meaningful aggregation of partial rankings of subsets of proposals by multiple reviewers into a consensus ranking."
"We derive a Nash equilibrium both on prices and product assortments for a triopoly."
"Pp."
"Many organizational learning studies have an implicit assumption that the learning rate is maximized through specialization: the more an individual or organization focuses on a particular task, the faster it will improve."
"In this research we study finite mixture specifications for modeling consumer heterogeneity where each regression coefficient has its own finite mixture—that is, an attribute finite mixture model."
"In this note we present an efficient algorithm for the 0-1 knapsack problem and announce the availability of a callable FORTRAN subroutine which solves this problem."
"Firms with strong networks of internal linkages are able to maintain tighter control over local innovation and reduce the risk that knowledge outflows will advantage competitors in clusters."
"Using a longitudinal data set consisting of the body mass index of 3,164 children up to age 18 and another longitudinal data set containing the body mass index at ages 18 and 40 and the presence or absence of disease (hypertension and diabetes) at age 40 for 747 people, we formulate and numerically solve—separately for boys and girls—a dynamic programming problem for the optimal biennial (i.e., at ages 2,4,…,16) obesity screening thresholds."
"I suggest that we need to think of learning-by-doing as a process of knowledge creation on the shop-floor by specialized teams of engineers."
"For the online channel, the estimated loss in sales averages 4.7% across the demographic market areas that are served and ranges between 0.4% and 18.5%."
"The results lend themselves to an appealing managerial interpretation, similar to the rate-of-return cutoff rules of capital budgeting."
"Theory and monte carlo simulation have shown that the Pert method yields results which are biased high, and this paper discusses a real example involving conditions under which the bias is very large."
"Oper."
"The appearance of these future technologies are considered uncertain with probabilities that may also vary with time."
"Sequential sampling problems arise in stochastic simulation and many other applications."
"400 medium-sized (30 × 80; 50 × 60; 50 × 80) test problems with three different kinds of distance matrices and two different kinds of shipment quantity vectors were evaluated."
"Monetary incentives were used to enhance motivation."
"The signals consist of messages from the competitor and observations of the pricing decisions made by the competitor."
"This paper shows the form of the optimal policy if the expected holding and shortage cost is convex and if deciding either to increase or to decrease the inventory level does not involve a fixed cost."
"These ideas are empirically tested using patent data from the pharmaceutical industry."
"This study presents calculations of sample sizes, measured in number of simulated time periods, required to estimate certain parameters of selected inventory models with specified precision and confidence."
"A large class of problems of sequential decision making under uncertainty, of which the underlying probability structure is a Markov process, can be modeled as stochastic dynamic programs (referred to, in general, as Markov decision problems or MDPs)."
"However, as with all stochastically evolving systems, variance should play an important managerial role."
"Using a sample of 512 young biotechnology firms, the author finds that firms with proportionally more Ph."
"In this paper, we propose such a pricing policy, called controlled variance pricing (CVP)."
"We find that, relative to the first-come, first-served policy, our proposed personalized priority policies have the potential to decrease average waiting times by up to 29% or increase system throughput by reducing the percentage of service requests lost to abandonment by up to 6.3%.This paper was accepted by Vishaul Gaur, operations management."
"With a large nationwide retailer, we run a natural field experiment to measure the effects of energy use information disclosure, customer rebates, and sales agent incentives on demand for energy-efficient durable goods."
"It is argued that the approach analogous to that used in Arrow's Impossibility Theorem for social welfare functions would require determining first the class of all feasible freedom functions."
"Since Southwest is both a top-performing airline in OTP and a low-cost carrier (LCC), we conjecture that this response by incumbents may be due to a cost-cutting strategy that allows for intense postentry price competition along with preentry deterrence, or it may be due to a postentry differentiation strategy along with preentry accommodation."
"Using the Euler equations from the firm's maximization problem, I derive closed-form expressions for the firm's equilibrium stock returns and market value, which depend on observable firm characteristics."
"We then study situations in which consortia of banks may have the means and incentives to rescue failing banks."
"Constraints may be trivial in the sense that, should we delete them, the set of points satisfying all (remaining) constraints does not increase."
"This paper was accepted by Martin Lariviere, operations management."
"This paper develops the analytics and geometry of the investment opportunity set (IOS) and the test statistics for self-financing portfolios."
"An optimal policy for forward buying is obtained, and strategies for dollar averaging and speculation are investigated."
"We carry out three controlled field experiments consisting of real-life auctions conducted on a local Internet auction site."
"failure"
"Management Sci.17 411–426.]"
"For computational reasons, the optimal portfolios resulting from this dual approach are only locally optimal."
"Criteria are established which compare techniques on classes of algorithms."
"I observed no significant differences in the uptake of remote working days between men, women, parents, nonparents, fathers, and mothers."
"Despite the mathematical properties and algorithmic features of an interactive method, that method’s success usually lies in the kind of information it requires from the decision maker."
"The exact distribution of visiting rates does not appear to be widely known in the marketing literature."
"The principal purpose is to encourage such work."
"In practice, the activity schedule is typically determined by the contractor rather than the client."
"This note recognizes that not only flow dominance but also the number of facilities are important measures to determine the choice between computer algorithms and visual based methods for obtaining solutions to facilities layout problems."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"This paper presents a new induction approach called CRIS."
"We use a data set from market participants in the Taiwan Stock Exchange Capitalization Weighted Stock Index options markets to demonstrate a strong positive relationship between prior trading outcomes and subsequent risk taking."
"Procedures in assessing the impact of serial dependency on performance analysis are usually built on parametrically specified models."
"If the manufacturer attempts to coordinate inventories by buying back unsold units, then the retailer's promotional incentives are dulled."
"We document empirical support for this prediction."
"We define validation as a series of hierarchical procedures ranging from tests of mathematical correctness to evaluations of model robustness."
"Cyclical scheduling, where the time between production periods for each item is constant, offers simplicity and ease of control compared with noncyclical scheduling, where production periods are irregularly spaced."
"However, specific training pertinent to the focal firm is not positively linked to performance."
"We propose that within- and across-period momentums are unique in terms of when and how each type impacts risk taking."
"This illustrative analysis indicates that both the expected rate of opportunistic (joint) replacement of the rocket engines and re-entry vehicle and the expected rate of replacement of the rocket engines due to mandatory replacement are highly sensitive to changes in the rocket engine failure rate."
"We develop a renewaltheoretic model for the case of Poisson demands, and present analytical results."
"We consider two auction formats: the sealed-bid first-price auction, and a version of the open-bid descending-price auction."
"Entry, in our context, is measured by an independent software vendor's (ISV's) decision to become certified by a platform owner and produce applications compatible with the platform."
"Harold F. Dodge and Harry G. Romig, New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., June 3, 1959: pp."
"Now imagine that, in addition to that information, you are notified that the outcomes of 20 other cases were lost because of some technical problem, making the overall success rate of the treatment unknown."
"Moreover, for the programming problem generated by the Chebyshev problem, the Kuhn-Tucker conditions are proven to be sufficient even though the feasible region may not be convex."
"As the segment matures and sales decline in the segment, the process repeats itself."
"The fraction is 23.0% before the new two-day filing requirement took effect on August 29, 2002, and 10.0% afterward."
"is used to study some basic properties in the decomposition of parametric space."
"Under this assumption, profit maximizing firms must consider the effect of R&D investments on their future market position as well as the direct monetary returns from innovation."
"We test predictions that managers issuing voluntary capex guidance learn from analyst feedback and that this learning enhances investment efficiency and firm performance."
"for the analysis of more general linear programs.)"
"Fee-upon-sale” types of e-waste regulation cause manufacturers to increase their equilibrium development time and expenditure, and thus the incremental quality for each new product."
"This is illustrated by a costing model which includes: (a) inventories of individual products, (b) a more realistic treatment of set-up costs, (c) an interest factor to discount future costs, and (d) the cost of additional temporary storage when inventory is high."
"Book Reviews—Morgan, P. A. P., An Introduction to Probability Theory."
"When solved by a state-of-the-art IP solver on problem instances with a small number of shifts, our model, the set covering formulation, and a typical implicit model from the literature yield comparable solution times."
"We consider two situations: (1) Customer demand lead times are homogeneous and demand arriving in period t is a scalar dt to be satisfied within T periods."
"By contrast, VEE enlarges the quality differentiation and only benefits the high-quality firm, but is particularly malignant to the low-quality firm."
"In aggregate, the groups tried to meet the assigned standard of performance."
"This construction is shown to be optimal for the infinite-horizon problem."
"The results for an alternative set of equity portfolios (25 portfolios sorted on size and momentum) show that the scaled ICAPM prices particularly well the momentum portfolios."
"Associated with the Markov chain of each subsystem is a cost per unit output of the subsystem, and the cost is incurred as the subsystem occupies one of J states in each epoch."
"We report numerical experiments with examples of different sizes."
"Management Sci.22 (8, April) 918–920] discuss the occurrence of nonlinearities in the application of goal programming and conclude that direct linearization may not be possible when goal constraints are of a fractional nature."
"We find considerable support for a model of voluntary shill-like bidding, where charitable bidders try to increase proceeds in charity auctions."
"For each of these groups, 15-month cumulative abnormal returns are regressed on annual unexpected earnings."
"Our results suggest that network integration is of little value and operating dedicated networks is a fine strategy if the firm primarily serves express requests with high reliability and if the correlation with regular requests is not strongly negative."
"Internet technology has allowed for a higher degree of decoupling between the information-intensive sales process and the physical process of inventory management than its brick-and-mortar counterpart."
"We hire students to do a job for us."
"In particular, our risk measures provide clear ways to accommodate financial measures of risk and psychological measures of risk, and they can be incorporated into preference models in an appealing form based on mean-risk tradeoffs."
"Given this observation, we examine what may have been the primary driving force behind this pattern and the implications for the firm."
"Experiment 4 showed that flawed inferential rules and poor extensional reasoning abilities contributed to the misconception."
"$9.95;—Mock, Edward J. (compiler), Financial Decision-Making."
"This paper was accepted by D.J. Wu, information systems."
"One unique feature of our model is that it addresses the trade-off between seeking variety and maintaining acquired habits."
"Book Reviews—Rektorys, Karel (Editor), Survey of Applicable Mathematics."
"Empirical evidence is also presented on the differences in the values obtained with the two regression methods (i.e., mean-absolute-deviation and least-squares)."
"More intense competition can reduce disclosure and make the financial system more opaque, especially when investors’ private information about the financial institutions is sufficiently precise."
"We discuss an approximation scheme for the multi-item lot size problem."
"The tuberculosis system consists of interacting components which are the “states of nature” of the disease."
"Our empirical tests lend considerable support for our theoretical predictions."
"Computational experience is presented."
"Hence new knowledge remains naturally excludable and appropriable."
"Our main results include the following: (1) in contrast to the deterministic EOQ model, the controllable costs of the stochastic model due to selection of the order quantity (assuming the reorder point is chosen optimally for every order quantity) are actually smaller, while the total costs are clearly larger; the optimal order quantity is larger, but the difference is relatively small when the quantity is large; the cost performance is even less sensitive to choices of the order quantity; (2) the relative increase of the costs incurred by using the quantity determined by the EOQ instead of the optimal from the stochastic model is no more than 1/8, and vanishes when the ordering costs are significant relative to other costs."
"Our results are consistent with firms that choose to use purchase contracts using less leverage to mitigate the potential loss of relation-specific investments of contracting parties that can occur with financial distress or bankruptcy."
"Standard University Press, 1958."
"How do these preferences translate to a group setting?"
"A model of the production process for computing services available within an organization is developed which quantitatively relates input resources and output products or services; the model also incorporates output quality as an integral function of the relevant variables in the process."
"The problem consists of assigning calls to paths in a capacitated graph, such that capacities are not violated and the total profit is maximized."
"This paper discusses a general linear programming formulation of Leontief type relationships."
"Illustrations are given showing how the methods can be applied in specific examples."
"No significant transfer of knowledge is evident between the primary product family and other products."
"Product demands in each period are integer-valued correlated random variables, with each product being assembled from multiple units of a subset of components."
"In reality, however, it may be possible to consider sales estimation as a multi-period inventory problem because there may be opportunities during the course of the season to review the earlier sales performance to reestimate forecast errors made earlier in the season, and to take appropriate action based on the new estimates."
"This paper examines how sentiment affects homebuyers’ housing transaction decisions with a focus on auction sales."
"Overall, our ALP reformulation and solution approach broadens the applicability of approximate linear programming."
"Interestingly, our analysis allows us to quantify the trade-off between consumers’ benefits and cognitive costs from using large-scale unstructured social media information during decision making."
"Bowman [Bowman, E. H. 1963."
"We propose extreme-value theory as a mathematical abstraction of the concept-testing process."
"The results show which types of markets can be identified reliably and which cannot."
"These results are indicative of a workload-related “saturation effect” where employees can no longer overcome high workload by speeding up."
"Set in a continuous time frame, the AER model formally links the three components of total utility (i.e., utility from anticipation, event utility, and utility from recall)."
"This TIMS gap should be an embarrassment to an organization bearing the name of “The Institute of Management Sciences.”"
"We demonstrate that lottery markets can exhibit the “hot-hand” phenomenon, in which past winning numbers tend to have a greater share of the betting proportion in future draws even though past and future events are independent."
"And a serious economic setback appears now to be less likely than ever."
"Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1967 (second edition), 474 pp.,"
"The proposed recommendation model is dependent on two complementary methodologies: joint space mapping (placing customers and products on the same psychological map) and spatial choice modeling (allowing observed choices to be correlated across customers)."
"1974."
"When consumers are responsive to others’ decisions, social influence amplifies demand uncertainty, leading to a lower profit for the firm."
"In the first part special cases are presented."
"Next, we consider a decentralized system in which the vendor determines its patch-release policy and the firm selects its patch-update policy in a Stackelberg framework, assuming that release and update policies are either time driven or event driven."
"Faced with a choice between a volume-based and a capacity-based contract offered by a contractor that has pricing power, the service provider determines optimal capacity levels."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2825.This paper was accepted by Lauren Cohen, finance."
"However, we find that both individuals’ own experiences and others’ experiences alter their responses."
"Type I firms use and benefit most from close interactions with customers and visits to the domestic users of related foreign products, while Type IV firms benefit most from the overseas observation of foreign suppliers and the assistance of local R&D institutes."
"1988."
"We compare the competitive equilibrium prices to a scenario in which consumers are certain about their preferences and find conditions defining when consumer uncertainty results in higher equilibrium prices."
"The insight for management: Team with resistors to stop a leak but not a tidal wave; team with change agents to create one."
"We investigate how auctioneers set reserve prices in auctions."
"Many professions are plagued by disparities in service delivery."
"as a prescriptive methodology for minimizing statistical decision errors of the third kind; i.e., the error of solving the “wrong” decision problem when one should have solved the “right” problem."
"Procurements are allowed only at a finite number of predetermined times which may be specified in any way desired."
"Five years ago a few scientists suspected that their new methods might be applied to business problems, but the change from the logistics of war to the planning and control of business proved more difficult than they had hoped."
"Our model includes the case of a supplier selling to a classical fixed-price newsvendor or a price-setting newsvendor."
"A review of the extensive psychological literature on human judgmental abilities is provided from this perspective."
"We analyze three scenarios of increasing uncertainty: full information, where implications of partner actions are known; risk, where implications can be probabilistically quantified; and ambiguity, where implications cannot be so quantified."
"Next, we show that a bundled payment-type reimbursement method, which reimburses hospitals once for each episode of care (including readmissions), leads to socially optimal cost and readmissions reduction efforts."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, finance."
"Technology adopters make repeated choices between the established and the new technology based on their perceived performance, which is subject to uncertainty."
"It represents the degree of flexibility available for planning the production of committed orders."
"Conditioning on the price path, we find much stronger excess buying (selling) by liquidity demanders when the ask falls (bid rises) to reach the integer than when it crosses the integer."
"We show that price skimming arises as the unique pure-strategy Markov perfect equilibrium in the game under a simple condition."
"Consistent with the main prediction of this framework, we find that firms attracting abnormally high asymmetric attention from local relative to nonlocal investors earn higher returns."
"Management Sci.6 231–258; Karlin, S. 1960b."
"Thus, the net effect of process maturity is reduced cycle time and development effort."
"A note on modelling the relationship of diminishing returns to media overlap for the media planning problem."
"These results are applicable to designing an Internet commerce system for a business, creating and redesigning products, and increasing value to customers."
"and Strauch [Strauch, R. 1966."
"Participants holding one piece of chocolate show an endowment effect of standard size, but so do participants holding one box of chocolates."
"This paper presents an implicit enumeration algorithm for redrawing school attendance boundaries in order to meet integration requirements."
"An efficient dynamic programming algorithm to calculate the minimum cost schedule is also presented."
"This paper presents an equally efficient technique for third-degree dominance."
"We concentrate on the online-to-offline (O2O) aspect of the business that differentiates it from other e-commerce platforms—its strong connection to local markets."
"The buyer decides after the contest, taking further supplier information into account, on who will be awarded the contract."
"Such estimators provide a possible means for speeding up the convergence of gradient-based stochastic optimization algorithms."
"Consumers are forward-looking social learners, and may choose to strategically delay their purchase in anticipation of product reviews."
"Thus, we provide a new theory on the strategic benefits of upward channel decentralization."
"The criteria are applied to three known and one new quasi-Newton algorithm, with interesting results."
"In communication networks, survivability is usually defined as the percentage of total traffic surviving some network failures in the worst case."
"Pacific J. Math.21(1) 167–187.]"
"We exploit temporal and geographical variation in Craigslist's entry to show that newspapers with greater reliance on classified-ad revenue experience a larger drop in classified-ad rates after Craigslist's entry."
"Management Sci.19 (12, August) 1395–1406.]"
"Consequently, monetary tightening increases both the reliance on and the concentration of wholesale funding within the banking sector."
"failure"
"In the classic example of the “centipede game,” however, players frequently violate this principle."
"Selecting and pricing product lines is an essential activity in many businesses."
"Here, we assess the impact of perceived environmental uncertainty and perceived agent effectiveness on the magnitude (total pay) and composition (salary-incentive mix) of employment compensation."
"While these algorithms were a significant research achievement, they failed to provide for reliable solutions to many problems."
"We actually establish both pointwise and average versions of this result for general time-dependent birth-and-death processes."
"Management Sci.37 801–812.],"
"The term “time inconsistency” is usually used to refer to cases in which a larger-later outcome is preferred over a smaller-sooner one when both are delayed by some time, but then with the passage of time a preference switches to the smaller-sooner outcome."
"Book Review—An Introduction to Cybernetics."
"Density forecasts of arrival rates are needed for analytical call center models, which assume Poisson arrivals with a stochastic arrival rate."
"failure"
"We consider call (put) options that provide the retailer with the right to reorder (return) goods at a fixed price."
"Thus, in forming alliances, players consider two key phenomena: First, players trade off the size of the total profit of the system versus their allocation of this total pie, and second, they weigh the possibility that an immediate beneficial defection can trigger further counter defections that in the end may prove to be worse than the status quo."
"Moreover, staff schedules typically take the form of shifts covering several periods."
"The relationships between these factors and organizational structure, processes, and behavior, are analyzed and specified in a theoretical framework."
"In the context of a market in which a brand with a large brand loyalty competes with a brand with a low brand loyalty, it is shown that in equilibrium, the stronger brand (i.e., the brand with the larger loyalty) promotes less frequently than the weaker brand."
"The sports club, described in this study, was losing members and in dire financial straits."
"The heuristic procedure is recommended as an acceptable alternative to the optimal procedure if the number of items in the multi-stage system is large or if inventory carrying and setup/order costs cannot be accurately estimated."
"In the present article we statistically measure the effectiveness of overlapping development activities in reducing project completion time."
"Specific parameterized forms of the model demonstrate how alternative theories of the effects of advertising can be tested."
"Therefore, in this study, the education and training system is formalized in the form of a matrix which shows the relationship between curriculum and the behavior of the skilled worker who is adequately educated and trained."
"The model also casts new light on the effect of online recommendation systems on attitude homogenization and the effect of majority voting on beliefs and attitudes."
"The insight for management: Employment risk is a major underlying driver of fund risk tolerance by fund managers."
"Namely, I observe a demotivating effect of taking a stance on a social-political issue with which employees disagree and no statistically significant motivating effect of taking a stance on a social-political issue with which employees agree."
"The primary conditions to be incorporated into the model are the course and the inclination of the ore vein, and, during the whole life of the mine, safe slope angles to be maintained."
"But the cost of complete information would be inconceivable."
"Our study is based on a regression analysis of a translog cost function estimated on 1947–1977 data."
"On the surface it might appear that this intuitively appealing1 result should be true under less stringent conditions regarding the individual's utility function, and possibly that it might be true for concave utility in general."
"When the cost of return is in an appropriate range, the seller's expected revenue is an increasing function of that cost."
"1958."
"This type of network is commonly encountered in several manufacturing applications."
"In this paper, we study a class of the capacitated dynamic lot size problem, where, over time, the setup costs are nonincreasing, the unit holding costs have arbitrary pattern, the unit production costs are nonincreasing and the capacities are nondecreasing."
"Standard scoring rules require knowledge of the expert's utility function."
"In our monthly Management Insights we highlight—without using technical jargon—the insights and implications for practicing managers that are explored and developed in each article published in the issue."
"All that glitters: The effect of attention and news on the buying behavior of individual and institutional investors."
"Thus, unlike other queueing systems, maintaining the average queue length within a certain range is the primary objective."
"This paper reconciles three stylized facts about capital budgeting in firms and shows that they are tied to the presence of asymmetric information among the several members of the firm, each with his or her own objectives and decisions."
"Queueing with Balking, II."
"This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"There are programmes of business administration run by powerful and popular business schools, there are programmes in operational research, in management science, in industrial management, in industrial engineering—to mention just some of the prevalent titles."
"Avec la collaboration de L. Vansina, S. Huybrecht et R. Hogenraad."
"The value of information research stream reflects relationships established based on economic analysis of information as a commodity in the management of the firm."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Equity ownership of the largest external shareholder, that of the BOD, and the default risk, are strongly negatively related to the size of CEO equity compensation."
"To answer this question, the current research investigates the impact of different framings of prosocial marketing messages on consumers’ behaviors and choices more generally."
"In our formal framework, the firm sets a price for its product and chooses a sales scheme, which effectively determines how consumers can learn from each other about the product’s popularity."
"This notion of equity is shown to be equivalent to another which is related to the requirement that each polluter reduce by the proportion that he contributes to total controllable pollutant concentration at points in the region."
"The objective is to determine the minimum cost processing rates given the FMS throughput target, the work-in-process level, part routes, transporter delays, and the variable capacity cost function for each machine."
"Within the literature on corporate strategy, this tension between focus and breadth is reconciled by the concept of related diversification (i.e., a firm with multiple operating units, each specializing in distinct but related activities)."
"Taking a novel approach, this paper develops a tractable way of evaluating this measure exactly."
"If women must be like men to break the glass ceiling, we might expect gender differences to disappear among directors."
"After constructing test statistics for both level and shape, we provide a global goodness-of-fit statistic, which is asymptotically χ2 distributed."
"We use the model to investigate the benefits of various delayed product differentiation (postponement) strategies, as well as other strategic questions, including (i) the benefits of flexible versus dedicated production facilities; (ii) the trade-off between capacity and inventory investments; and (iii) the trade-off between capacity investments and service levels."
"In this paper, reasonable bounds on the aggregation error are derived for a variety of reliability models."
"More specifically, past winners are riskier than past losers in times of high price of risk."
"This paper was accepted by Eric Anderson, marketing."
"In these service industries, firms face demand uncertainty and strict short-term capacity constraint."
"We also explore several model extensions that highlight the robustness of our results."
"This paper reports on the results of an attempt to develop, test, and evaluate systematically an R&D project selection technique in an operating R&D organization."
"However, once the buyer's forecasting accuracy exceeds a threshold, both firms will benefit from further improvement of the forecast."
"We illustrate and validate our findings using a large database describing the transaction and mailing histories for customers of a mail-order catalog firm."
"A provider must define its service parameters based on service quality, delay costs, and price."
"In other words, aggregation error is almost inevitable."
"Book Reviews—Sampling Inspection Tables, Second Edition."
"failure"
"In this paper, we show that these standard welfare conclusions may be neutralized or reversed in a dynamic environment."
"These binary choices reveal that subjects prefer their schedules constructed under A-CEEI to their schedules constructed under the incumbent mechanism, a bidding points auction, and that A-CEEI reduces envy, suggesting subjects are able to report their preferences accurately enough to realize the efficiency and fairness benefits of A-CEEI."
"The setting of the problem is this."
"Generally, researchers have found that women are more risk averse than men and women are more averse to competition."
"We assume a fixed number of facilities and total servers which must service a given Poisson arrival stream."
"People infer stable personality characteristics from others’ behavior, even when that behavior is caused by situational factors."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"Yet market demand and consumer behavior need not be related, and so, we argue, that approach to modeling market demand is misguided."
"The volume effect is that consumers simply consume more after personalized recommendations, increasing the chance of having more items in common."
"Consumers use the increase in disposable income to pay down credit card debt."
"In experiments, the author gave managers a choice of performance-based compensation plan for a subordinate: either a piece rate or a tournament payment scheme."
"Discounts are more likely to be offered by small-scale firms, for higher-priced products, and for nonsale items."
"The findings are consistent in the two companies, one Japanese and the other European, and the underlying theoretical propositions appear applicable across borders."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"Competitive Price-Matching Guarantees: Equilibrium Analysis of the Availability Verification Clause Under Demand Uncertainty (p. 971)Arcan Nalca, Tamer Boyaci, Saibal Ray, Many advertisers claim, “No lower prices, anywhere!”"
"Book Reviews—Klein, Lawrence R. (Editor), Essays in Industrial Econometrics, Volume I and Volume II."
"Consequently, analysts have to deal with the following dilemma: on one hand, an aggregate analysis (i.e., an analysis at the system level), while relatively inexpensive, may be misleading."
"In this paper, a dynamic continuous time model, encompassing operations, investments, output prices, informative advertising, and brand advertising, is formulated as an optimal control problem in an activity analysis context."
"We propose an algorithm that can approximate general fulfillment cost structures by nested structures, yielding a computationally tractable heuristic for distributionally robust inventory optimization on general newsvendor networks."
"The actions available to each artificial brand manager are constrained to four typical marketing actions of each from the historical data."
"It is also shown that the convergence conditions can be easily applied to most programming algorithms."
"Two organizational designs are considered: (a) incentivization, wherein a lower-level manager is motivated by an incentive contract to evaluate resources for an investor, and (b) supervision, wherein evaluation is either handled directly or closely monitored by headquarters."
"This paper is motivated by our observations in industry, where some companies have reengineered the manufacturing process by reversing two consecutive stages of the process."
"develops formulas for determining economic lot-sizes for multipurpose equipment."
"The developed method provides a determination of alternate optimum solutions from which scientific authority may choose."
"Three algorithms for time flow in the patrolling model are offered."
"To accomplish this, the clustering method, which is based on a minimum spanning tree (MST) technique, uses two risk-utility trade-off measures in the growing and pruning stages of the MST technique, respectively."
"This new alternative eliminated the requirement for a large storage facility and reduced the capital project cost by over 10 million dollars."
"We extend this model to multiperiods and show that the same phenomenon occurs there as well."
"Matrix methods for various “bill of materials” computations have been described in papers by Vazsonyi [Vazsonyi, A. 1954."
"In contrast, firms hire leaders who provide praise to workers only if it is socially efficient to do so."
"Interestingly, bidders bid lower than theory would predict in complete information markets, perhaps because of some desire to win clouding profit maximization behavior on the part of the bidders."
"As new data become available, weekly sales forecasts and market size (number of eventual adopters) are revised and updated."
"In this paper we address this controversy experimentally by comparing five conceptually different approaches in terms of their weights and predictive ability."
"In this paper, we use a revealed-preference approach to show that career concerns play an important role in user contributions to Stack Overflow, the largest online question-and-answer community."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Do organizations learn to reduce customer dissatisfaction?"
"In that equilibrium, numerical results indicate that the value of subsidizing unsold inventory is increasing in demand uncertainty, intensity of retail competition, and salvage value of inventory, and is decreasing in manufacturing cost and opportunity cost of shelf space."
"Concretely the focus will be on the specific process through which the Manager does his work, and on the specific object to which his work is directed; one focus will be on Decision Making, one on the Business Enterprise and its structure."
"To obtain insights on the global structure of an optimal solution, we derive in quasi-closed form the optimal solution for a family of models characterized by a demand shock."
"Financial Analysts J. 60:65–80] model, stepwise regression methods, and style-adjusted methods in the contexts of a real-time investment strategy, hedge fund replication, and fund failure prediction."
"This paper proposes and analyzes a periodic review inventory system with two replenishment modes."
"There is a dual program linked with every nonlinear program."
"The proposed model provides a better fit to experimental data than do existing models."
"Numerical experiments show that the best order-up-to policy performs well, yielding an average cost that is within 1.5% of the optimal cost when the ratio between the lost sales penalty and the holding cost is 100."
"This study is one of the first attempts to examine the extent to which data anonymization could mask the gross statistical disparities between subpopulations in the data."
"The supplier offers either a quantity discount contract (with two or three price blocks) or a price-only contract, contracts that are commonplace in practice, yet different in complexity."
"However, we show that the variance of the total sales is lower in the flexible setting, implying that the government’s additional spending reduces the adoption level uncertainty."
"We find that the superior technology will not necessarily be broadly adopted by the population."
"A model is developed for production processes which have an in-control state and may jump to one of several out-of-control states in course of time, each such state being associated with an assignable cause."
"Testing regret."
"Springer-Verlag Publishing Co., Inc., Basel; Prekopa, A. 1966."
"Dr. Robinson, on the other hand, sees algorithms as the least part of a successful carpool system."
"We incorporate strategic considerations into the analysis of a problem that has hitherto been treated in a decision theoretic fashion: the allocation of scarce R&D resources when R&D proceeds in stages."
"We focus on a dominance concept that supports decision-making under multiple characterizations of uncertainty by ruling out strategies that are dominated across a set of beliefs."
"We also present a new approach to modeling the operations reversal problem."
"In the final section similar results are obtained for chance constrained programming models."
"Contrary to what the normative economic theory would predict, we document that consumers frequently failed to redeem their rebate."
"The authors show that availability contingency clauses intensify inventory competition between retailers and reinstitute price competition, which is otherwise eliminated by unconditional price-matching guarantees."
"We present an Approximate Dynamic Programming (ADP) approach for the multidimensional knapsack problem (MKP)."
"We use a rich panel of data on broadband use and students' grades from all middle schools in Portugal."
"Then we relate management values to environmental values, especially in the corporate context."
"Our method does not withhold sampling information, does not assume that the subject is incapable of making statistical inferences, is replicable across experiments, and requires no special apparatus."
"Where returns over time are independent, the longer the investment horizon the smaller the efficient set."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2344.This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"In addition, we find that, in the absence of any form of uncertainty, which the manufacturer could benefit from responding to, he may prefer not to observe the retailer’s inventory."
"Brute-force statistical methods are either expensive or ineffective for dealing with these high noise levels."
"The equilibrium joint probability distribution of queue lengths is obtained for a broad class of jobshop-like “networks of waiting lines,” where the mean arrival rate of customers depends almost arbitrarily upon the number already present, and the mean service rate at each service center depends almost arbitrarily upon the queue length there."
"The agency's task environment is composed of clients, each of whom communicates his problems to be solved to a different decision unit."
"This paper studies the optimal contract between risk-neutral shareholders and a constant relative risk-aversion manager in a continuous-time model."
"Furthermore, we show that the virtual allocation rule is near optimal for the set of test problems."
"We find that linear models trained using SPO+ loss tend to dominate random-forest algorithms, even when the ground truth is highly nonlinear."
"We study this phenomenon from a behavioral perspective in the context of a simple, serial, supply chain subject to information lags and stochastic demand."
"This suggests a complexity in managerial decision-making regarding innovations of uncertain profitability when there are both costless and costly information sources available to the manager."
"Conjoint analysis is a statistical technique used to elicit partworth utilities for product attributes from consumers to aid in the evaluation of market potential for new products."
"We also find that greater parallelism offers greater opportunity for improvement."
"The results showthat (1) university inventions are more likely to be licensed when patents are effective; (2) when patents are effective, university technology is generally licensed to noninventors; (3) when patents are effective, licensing back to inventors increases the likelihood of license termination and reduces the likelihood of invention commercialization; and (4) the effectiveness of patents increases royalties earned for inventions licensed to noninventors."
"Prior work has suggested that this mechanism has attractive features for the pricing of information and other low-marginal cost goods."
"Marketing costs in consumer goods industries."
"Our test statistic is particularly powerful under sparseness and dependence in the observed data."
"I analyze how unconventional monetary policies can help to counter the rise in the interbank spread, thus stabilizing the credit supply."
"These empirical findings suggest that some investors are inattentive to the stale nature of the information included in the LEI releases, instead interpreting it as new information, and thereby causing temporary yet significant mispricing."
"No practical applications of the method have been made as yet."
"We introduce data-driven decision-making algorithms that achieve state-of-the-art dynamic regret bounds for a collection of nonstationary stochastic bandit settings."
"This paper examines these relationships and their implications for lot sizing and work-in-process inventories, for batch manufacturing shops with queues."
"Our theoretical model also generates additional hypotheses that link determinants of the fund flow–performance relation and managers' employment risk to their risk-taking behavior."
"Our analysis identifies environments where particular variants of full-cost transfer pricing induce efficiency in both the initial investments and the subsequent output levels."
"Our results indicate that the methods used for constructing batches of orders and for assigning storage space to individual items can significantly impact order retrieval efforts in warehouses of this type."
"So the broader the pool of potential authors, the more pronounced the reputation effect can be."
"Also, we know very little about how to combine behavioral and quantitative considerations."
"The insight is that the discontinuities can be QMC friendly (i.e., aligned with the coordinate axes) or not, depending on the PGM."
"By Charles C. Holt, Franco Modigliani, John F. Muth, and Herbert A. Simon."
"The manager of 1946 would be very uncomfortable and unsure of himself in the sophisticated management world of today."
"It can also be used by management to explore various policy options, such as the cost implications of increasing the quality vs. the quantity of inspection stations."
"We design an experiment to test how the oath affects truth telling in two contexts: a neutral context replicating the typical experiment in the literature, and a “loaded” context in which we remind subjects that “a lie is a lie.”"
"However, any educational program must distinguish between the objectives of a doctoral student and a terminal master's student."
"Books Received"
"We find that although the sampling effort will decline over a product's life cycle, it may continue in mature products."
"For the model we assume that each site in the system orders at preset times according to an order-up-to policy, that delivery times are deterministic, and that the demand processes are stochastic with independent increments."
"Because the models we applied were similar to those that have been previously used to assess the contribution of IS and other factors of production, we attribute the different results to the fact that our data set is more current and larger than others explored."
"The insight for management: Offshoring of IT is directly affecting the skill composition mix among U.S. technology workers."
"Because cash flows from operations predict future profitability more strongly than do accruals, investors should discount accruals and focus on cash flows."
"The plethora of programmes, even the variety of titles used to describe them, is evidence of the divergence of views held on this subject."
"There is a persistent belief that regional R and D activity will have stimulating effects on the region's economic activity."
"Attention is then focused, as customary, on those cuts of this type for which the original variable has a zero coefficient."
"Therefore, our result indicates that the seller-induced learning may eliminate the conflict between rent extraction and efficiency initiatives."
"Res.5 518–521; Jackson, J. R. 1963."
"Authors' Rebuttal to Paper by Ramaswami and Lucantoni (Ramaswami, V., David M. Lucantoni."
"Our results suggest that when the two problems are considered together, a different judgment emerges: participants reject the intention principle and embrace either the principle of utilitarianism, which favors action in both problems, or the action principle, which rejects action in both problems."
"failure"
"In this paper, the demand for parimutuel horse race wagering and attendance has been specified and estimated for both Thoroughbred and Standardbred racetracks in a multistate market area."
"But how much?"
"One reason for this may be that models differ in their assumptions for the functional form of the spillover pool."
"But Gower plots provide an especially valuable diagnostic tool in the context of AHP, as discussed and abundantly illustrated herein."
"This is accomplished by integration and testing of two perspectives, organization theory and economics, notably agency theory."
"We show that under the “traditional” supply chain structure (one-time opportunity to order) no truthful equilibrium can emerge."
"The estimation results identify several ‘misperceptions of feedback’ which account for the poor performance of the subjects."
"The models also make extensive use of various sociological factors."
"We tested the proposed approach with 40 test problems involving between 1,728 and 8,640 shift variations, and five demand patterns."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1778.This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"Management Sci.17(3, November) 236–237."
"Consequently, managers who seek cost efficiencies via a strategy of high utilization in tandem with speeding up may find that their strategy backfires because there is a point at which employees are no longer able to compensate for a high workload by working harder, and throughput time counterproductively increases."
"We extend life cycle models of human capital investments by incorporating matching theory to examine the sorting pattern of heterogeneous scientists into different career trajectories."
"The methodology is based on analyzing large market models of one-sided matching using techniques from revenue management and solving a certain assortment planning problem whose objective is social welfare."
"A portfolio that goes long in stocks with high asymmetric attention and short in stocks with low asymmetric attention has an alpha of 32 basis points per month."
"More general functions provide still greater improvement over the rectangular metric."
"failure"
"By modifying the setup costs used in the Wagner-Whitin algorithm, we develop a generalized solution methodology for dealing with situations in which new setups are added to the production schedule and existing setups are cancelled."
"This paper investigates the relationship between waiting time and subsequent purchase decisions."
"It is suggested that the ability to effectively implement operations research results may have a most important bearing on our national economic well-being, as well as on the competitive position of individual industrial organizations."
"The authors find that consumer variety seeking can either soften or intensify price competition, depending on the difference in firm qualities and the strength of consumer preference for variety."
"Acquiring the values of features may be costly, and simply acquiring all values may be wasteful or prohibitively expensive."
"Loyalty is operationalized as the minimum price differential needed before consumers who prefer one brand switch to another brand.)"
"This paper was accepted by Eric Anderson, marketing."
"Under personalized priority policies, managers use customer contact history to predict individual-level caller abandonment and redialing behavior and prioritize them based on these predictions to improve operational performance."
"Liquidity constrained individuals are significantly more likely to increase their spending upon turning 55 than unconstrained individuals—nonetheless, the spending response of constrained individuals is concentrated on nondurable and nonvisible goods rather than visible goods."
"As people are deciding between two alternatives, they may distort new information to support whichever alternative is tentatively preferred."
"Ann likes oranges much more than apples; Bob likes apples much more than oranges."
"The latter seemed to act as if they were always being held accountable."
"The prevailing “consumption-based capital asset pricing model” (CCAPM) suggests that the risk premium that investors require to invest in a financial asset is proportional to the covariance of its return with the growth rate in aggregate per capita consumption, the measure of the security's systematic risk."
"We present and discuss the main solution techniques proposed for solving this class of large-scale convex optimization problems."
"A production line is treated as a series arrangement of k work stations."
"Decision analysts have developed a variety of structuring tools to aid decision makers in these tasks, including influence diagrams and knowledge maps."
"Using a large patient-level data set of more than 190,000 hospitalizations across 15 hospitals, we first quantify the cost of denied ICU admission for a number of patient outcomes."
"In particular, we survey the methods that have been used to obtain formal probabilistic analyses of heuristics for makespan scheduling and one-dimensional bin packing."
"Teams and seasonal effects seem to matter as well."
"The performance measure of interest is the long-run average holding cost and lost sales penalty cost."
"A survey of the current relationship between the many different problem areas investigated by means of Game Theory and the study of Industrial Organization is presented."
"Such remuneration introduces a myopia problem: an executive would wish to inflate early expected earnings at some risk to future profits."
"The self- (customer) decision is whether to queue or balk, and the social (system administrator) goal is to maximize the profit of the whole system."
"As a result, the actual inventory requirements at the vendor are partly dictated by the parameters of the shipment-release policy in use."
"The asymptotic regimes considered are consistent with the efficiency-driven (ED), quality-driven (QD), and quality-and-efficiency-driven (QED) regimes, first introduced in the context of a single-class service system."
"paper);—Cotton, Donald B., Company-Wide Planning: Concept and Process."
"In additional tests we find that cross-sectional differences among managers are related to differing marginal returns to slack-building effort."
"We also find that the entrant lowers the price for uninformed customers and raises the price for repeat buyers under high-end encroachment but lowers the price for all customers under low-end encroachment."
"If the family of risky prospects can be ordered so that as decision makers are more risk tolerant they choose a gamble higher in the ordering, then it is natural to say that the family of risky prospects admit a comparative static result."
"The amount of information in a message is defined as the difference between the amount of information in the purposeful state following the message, and the amount of information in the purposeful state preceding the message."
"A unique challenge in information security outsourcing is that neither the outsourcing firm nor the managed security service provider (MSSP) perfectly observes the outcome, the occurrence of a security breach, of prevention effort."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"Professional competence in management services is achieved only with an understanding of both scientific techniques of analysis and human behavior."
"Book Reviews—Feigenbaum, Edward and Feldman, Julian (eds.),"
"It is assumed that only one assignable cause of variation exists and the time between occurrences is exponentially distributed."
"The new measure of asymmetric attention allows one to infer the arrival of unobservable private information by observing investors’ attention allocation behavior."
"However, these gains depend on the timing of the sale: the buyer of an innovative project should assume development at the stage at which he has an efficiency advantage."
"This proposition is tested in a longitudinal setting of a healthcare system comprising eight hospitals."
"Approximate linear programs (ALPs) are well-known models for computing value function approximations (VFAs) of intractable Markov decision processes (MDPs)."
"Each of these cases is a censored environment where a constraint, the censorship point, systematically distorts the observed sample because the environment constrains the information that managers can observe."
"We identify the random forest, a leading machine-learning algorithm that pools hundreds of overfit and overconfident regression trees, as an ideal environment for trimming probabilities."
"Job rotation inside an organization creates two conflicting effects."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, 1967, $8.95, 303 pp—reviewed by Berit C. Spant;—Glossary of Management Techniques, H. M. Treasury."
"In addition to the feasibility problem, we describe algorithms for the maximum lateness criterion."
"More specifically, our results lend support for a new property of subjective probability judgments, interior additivity (subadditive at the boundaries, but additive away from the boundaries), and show that the probability weighting function is inverse S-shaped as in Wu and Gonzalez (1996)."
"The paper contains first a discussion of the nature and meaning of productivity index numbers."
"In this paper, we explore the impact of delay announcements using an empirical approach by analyzing the data from a medium-sized call center."
"A lower bound on the total error in an accounting population is required, in conjunction with the point estimate of the total error amount and the upper bound, when adjusting an account to determine the amount of the adjustment."
"I estimate a model of executive-firm matching, in which both components of the executive labor market outcome—the assignment of managers to firms and the cross-sectional distribution of executive pay—are endogenously determined."
"When a firm adopts a quality program such as Six Sigma, the method and the degree of its adherence can shape how the firm innovates and creates knowledge."
"We show that the class of tree policies is rich enough to approximate the optimal policy."
"We are grateful for their contributions; without them, the journal could not function."
"Our main proof technique combines novel convexity and lower-bounding arguments, an explicit implementation of the vanishing discount factor approach to analyzing infinite-horizon Markov decision processes, and ideas from the theory of random walks and queues, significantly extending the methodology and applicability of a novel framework for analyzing inventory models with large lead times recently introduced by Goldberg and coauthors in the context of lost-sales models with positive lead times."
"Ranking and selection procedures are standard methods for selecting the best of a finite number of simulated design alternatives based on a desired level of statistical evidence for correct selection."
"Partners in cross-function alliances invested more than their counterparts in same-function alliances, and this difference in investment levels increased with the number of partnering firms."
"We examine whether family firms invest more in employee relations than nonfamily firms."
"Others include corrugator width utilization, cutting pattern changes, avoidance of split orders, and so on."
"As a result, sponsorship does not close the gender gap in competitiveness or earnings."
"makes an interesting point in that the unstandardized comparisons made in King, Kilmann and Sochats [King, W. R., Kilmann, R. H., Sochats, K. 1978."
"No attempt is made to optimize with regard to a choice of estimators but properties of each of them are discussed which point to their limitations as well as usefulness in a given problem."
"The paper is, however, self-contained."
"On the one hand, they are overconfident about the value of, and overly likely to invest in, their own idea."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"This system gives rise to a dynamic program with a state space of very large dimension."
"In addition, it is ascertained that the Kuhn-Tucker conditions are sufficient for optimality if additional restrictions are imposed."
"We show that with limited demand information (maximum price and marginal cost), our simple pricing rule can be used for new products while often achieving a near-optimal performance."
"Some new properties associated with the special class of integer programs known as weighted set covering problems are derived."
"samples."
"John Rhys [Rhys, J. 1970."
"Consider the case of Analog Devices, Inc., a leading manufacturer of integrated circuits."
"We term this ability a firm's absorptive capacity and argue that such a capability not only enables a firm to exploit new extramural knowledge, but to predict more accurately the nature of future technological advances."
"The panel established low and high values for each one."
"Insiders’ good timing translates to the mimicking transactions, which appear to be profitable net of trading costs."
"Such information is useful, not only to the consumers that have not yet purchased the product but also to the firm."
"$8.95;—Cohen, Jerome B. and Edward D. Zinbarg, Investment Analysis and Portfolio Management."
"3 (April 1962), pp."
"D.-holding entrepreneurs on the founding team have a higher probability of adopting open science."
"Using a data set consisting of automobile sales transaction data from a major U.S. automaker, our method demonstrates a 20% improvement in prediction accuracy over state-of-the-art benchmark models; this improvement can translate into a 10% increase in revenues from optimizing the offer set."
"Further, financial distress risk is positively associated with pay-risk sensitivity for new CEOs."
"The information in this issue should be of interest both to academics and managers, and represents the current thoughts in an emerging area of marketing and operations interfaces."
"For the N-period case, I then report results covering non-zero procurement lead time, demand rate varying each period, joint solution of the inventory-control-production scheduling decision, and a multi-echelon model."
"Computed correlation functions for some Erlang/Erlang systems are presented as examples."
"Keeping records of a manager's history of reporting activity facilitates contracting, since optimal contracts may require a link between past reports and future investments over a duration of two or more periods."
"This research examines the evolution of cooperative interorganizational relationships and provides an empirical test of four propositions from the DSO (Dwyer et al."
"The emergence of carriers that deliver items to geographically dispersed destinations quickly and at a reasonable cost, combined with the low cost of sharing information through networked databases, has opened up new opportunities to better manage inventory."
"We consider a stochastic version of the Stackelberg-Nash-Cournot model proposed by Murphy et al. ("
"This suggests that there exist problems of application which industry is not able to overcome."
"To overcome these assumptions and the deficiencies which result from them, a management information system should be imbedded in a management control system."
"The authors study the performance of U.S. firms initiating same-sex domestic partnership benefit (SSDPB) policies."
"Finally, we discuss in more detail the reasons for handling product profitability through a variable called product plans in the ADVISOR model."
"It is the aim of this communication to point out that, although the constructive proof offered by Manne is vulnerable to counter-example, an alternative, fairly simple, proof can be given."
"Note on “Manufacturing Cycle Time Determination for a Multi-Stage Economic Production Quantity Model” [Szendrovits, A. Z. 1975."
"As a result, most project management literature still assumes that all projects are fundamentally similar and that “one size fits all.”"
"In the shortage calculations, the results ranged from 94.3 to 97.6 per cent, and for the overages, the range was from 95.6 to 99.9 per cent."
"The properties of the set of considerations, the linkages between pairs of consequences, the set of outcomes or consequences, the network, F, and the use of process frameworks are discussed in detail with examples."
"Our model estimates shed light on caller preferences under a callback option."
"The interplay between organizational structure, the decisions made by agents within the structure, and the technology supporting those agents is an important and complex, but not well understood, phenomenon in modern organizational studies."
"An increase in risk aversion intensifies transformation across states, which directly leads to higher investment volatility."
"The goal of this article is to capture important parameters from the production side that have a bearing on the valuation of the target's shares."
"We also discuss the status of possible explanations for the bias, in light of these new results, including PE mode reframing, random error, and anchoring and adjustment."
"Empirically, the multiple-product firm has become the dominant business model for the hedge fund industry."
"This paper aims to take a step in filling this void by comparing the performance of various tournament designs using controlled laboratory techniques."
"While this part integration often reduces the manufacturing cost of the product, it also can extend product development lead time, because complex parts typically require tooling with large lead times."
"Dynamic programming is used to compute solutions."
"Other variants are also closely related to the p-median problem."
"We also investigate the possible benefit of using the proposed integrated model relative to a sequential model where production and distribution operations are scheduled sequentially and separately."
"Although cross-sectional in nature, justification is presented for using the descriptive results as guidelines for marketing mix decisions."
"This paper develops a framework to analyze the optimal timing of disclosure."
"The long-standing argument that focused operations outperform others stands in contrast to claims about the benefits of broader operational scope."
"This paper reports the results of an analytic problem arising out of a history."
"A distinctive feature of our study is that we use granular geolocated mobile phone data to construct mobility measures that capture (1) shelter-in-place behavior and (2) trips within the city to destinations with potentially different risk profiles."
"A key input to the call center staffing process is a forecast for the number of calls arriving."
"Collectively, the results suggest that time encoding in languages influences speakers’ cognition and their investment decisions."
"An algorithm to obtain quick numerical solutions with a slide rule is also given."
"The insight for management: Radical organizational change has a real cost for your employees."
"Numerical examples show the significance of these differences."
"The business model of low-cost carriers is now well established and accounts for a large share of Western civil aviation, particularly in Europe."
"Do mass media bias content in favor of advertisers?"
"The main analysis investigates the role of consumer moral hazard and shows that it can lead to greater incentives for voluntary certification when inherent product safety and effort are substitutes, but smaller incentives when they are complements."
"Significantly outperforming (underperforming) managers are less (more) likely to be fired in the future and are also more likely to increase relative risk."
"But how should this content be coordinated?"
"In a longitudinal study of medical students, the authors study within-cohort changes in disparities from medical student behaviors as they interact with white and black patient actors."
"This Markov chain has an “attractor state,” i.e., from any state of the Markov chain there exists a sample path of significant probability to the attractor state."
"In this model, we examine alliance, firm, and partner characteristics as potential determinants of the changes in shareholder values of the partner firms due to an NPD alliance announcement."
"Increased use of terminals and on-line computing was anticipated."
"Refined petroleum products valued at several billion dollars per year are dispatched from more than 80 bulk terminals on a fleet exceeding 300 vehicles in approximately 2600 loads per day."
"In Experiment 1, the prospect model is compared to a model comprising a utility function which permits separate risk attitudes for gain and losses, and hence is more flexible than a utility model as traditionally assessed."
"The Internet appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2848.This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"The results reveal that the developed biobjective branch and bound method performs better on five of the six test problems, compared with a generic two-phase method."
"Second, we determine which learning constructs, such as choice reinforcement and beliefs about projected profits, best explain competitive actions across various information conditions."
"We use data provided by a global supply chain manager with more than 30,000 orders, of which 36% were subcontracted without authorization."
"I propose a new measure, brokerage degree, that determines the extent to which a scientist depends on a coauthor to provide him unique access to other scientists further away."
"Results are established for this problem that lead to a procedure for determining the n most vital nodes."
"This paper presents a technique for estimating the parameters of that distribution based on order statistics."
"$17.95;—Miller, Ernest C., Objectives and Standards of Performance in Production Management."
"Finally, we find that the causal effect of service satisfaction on loyalty is greater for more difficult types of services."
"In Stage 1, agents form alliances (coalitions), and in Stage 2, coalitions make decisions (price and inventory) and compete against one another."
"The seller posted-price procedure is probably the most common method for making transactions in modern economies."
"Using detailed individual consumption data of more than 6,000 customers, we find that SMS and voice service are small substitutes."
"In this paper we quantify this effect for simple, two-stage supply chains consisting of a single retailer and a single manufacturer."
"Using a comprehensive sample of publicly traded U.S. firms from 1998 to 2014, we report that status inconsistency increases the likelihood of divestiture that decreases status inconsistency, particularly for high-status firms."
"While Google's auction-based IPO price was 15.3% below the first-day closing market capitalization, the final prediction market forecast was only 4.0% above it."
"The results show the accuracy and speed of the approximation in comparison to brute-force simulation of a pool, for a variety of pools with different risk profiles."
"We extend the logarithmic model of search to allow for time-varying dynamics that may cause the consumer to evolve and, perhaps, learn to search over time."
"Berlin: Springer-Verlag, 1967, $9.90, 173 pp—reviewed by Hermann Meyer zu Selhausen;—Mundel, Marvin E., A Conceptual Framework for the Management Sciences."
"This class of queues is characterized by customers who cannot begin service until all required servers are available."
"2, Oct. 1957, Statistical Engineering Group, Columbia University.),"
"We consider interference among products and describe its effect on the variance of the departure streams."
"An identification of these problems would at least allow the investigator to anticipate them and plan accordingly."
"The model assumes that certain parameters of the error process have been estimated, but no distributional information is required."
"This research suggests that one can reduce algorithm aversion by giving people some control—even a slight amount—over an imperfect algorithm’s forecast."
"Japanese keiretsus are famous examples of heavily leveraging close relationships to gain success."
"We find it interesting that near-optimal performance is usually achieved by a simple hierarchical policy that sets prices first, based on a nonnested stochastic model, and then uses these prices to optimize nested capacity allocation."
"Multi-level fixed-charge problems are mathematical optimization problems in which the separable portion of the objective function is the sum of piecewise continuous functions of a single variable."
"We find that, on average, these actions reduce both the risk-weighted assets and the nonperforming loans ratios of punished banks, but there is no increase in the level of regulatory capital."
"Furthermore only industry aggregates are examined."
"Our analysis takes explicitly into account that the supply of electricity at the wholesale level (generation) is organized competitively in some U.S. jurisdictions, whereas in others a regulated utility provides integrated generation and distribution services."
"We introduce an alternative to the popular linear opinion pool for combining individual probability forecasts."
"Empirical evidence based on a randomly generated data set suggests that the market for the contractor’s services, the timing of benefits received by the client, and the project duration drive these new results."
"Advertisers do not truthfully bid their valuations, and the valuations are uncertain."
"The solution indicates a minimum cost selection of input materials in a production planning context."
"The reswitching property of R&D rivalry states that after gaining a technological edge against a rival, a decision maker stops doing R&D and he will resume doing R&D when his rival succeeds in narrowing the technological gap between the two rivals."
"The economics of information systems and technology research stream emphasizes the application of theoretical perspectives and methods from analytical and empirical economics to managerial problems involving IS and information technologies (IT)."
"Second, they find that device recalls are more common among firms with a research and development focus on developing broader product portfolios."
"We find that subjects greatly overpredict future attendance, which we interpret as evidence of partial naiveté with respect to present bias."
"Several performance measures are considered including minimizing expected system delay and equalizing delays across facilities."
"In this research, we focus on the effects of machine breakdowns and corrective maintenance on the economic lot sizing decisions."
"failure"
"Our evidence lends support to the idea that public-information provision through patents and private information in financial relationships are substitutes, and that innovation disclosure makes credit markets more contestable."
"This suggests that bubbles are abated when traders know that a subset of them have an edge (in information) over others."
"This linear problem results from maximizing the confidence with fixed payoff level."
"We find that recourse pricing benefits the firm much more than either downconversion or recourse allocation do, implying that recourse demand management is more valuable than recourse supply management."
"The accuracy of a group’s aggregate prediction rises with the number, ability, and diversity of its members."
"This paper analyzes the role of the agent's bankruptcy constraints in multiperiod principal-agent models with asymmetric information."
"The modified Benders' algorithm is explained and limited computational results are given."
"The possibility of increasing his slack may encourage a self-interested manager to conduct a more diligent search for a profitable project."
"The objective of each algorithm is to determine a production and/or product distribution schedule which satisfies final product demand and minimizes the sum of the average inventory holding costs and average fixed charges for processing (ordering, delivery, or setup costs), per period, over an infinite planning horizon."
"Moreover, SPOT can describe the scheduling problem over any time period (e.g., day, week, month, season), and designate certain shows to, and restrict them from, given time slots."
"A two-step evaluation scheme is proposed for selection of the preferred diversification strategy."
"Our results suggest that, for the cases we studied, firms tend to use narrower pipelines for their new drug development than they should, and thereby they underspend on research and development."
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"This paper describes a benefit-cost analysis of a proposed $1.4 million runway extension at Kelowna Airport, in Kelowna, British Columbia (Canada's westernmost province)."
"Thus, in large firms, divisionalisation can create the small size of unit conducive to effective implementation, but it cannot absolve central management from the continuous task of matching technological opportunities with organisational forms and boundaries."
"Nevertheless, the business managers of today cannot rest on these accomplishments."
"This study investigates a potential mechanism to promote coordination."
"10(January) 207–24.]"
"As teachers are added to the staff the program goes on without any real searching thought."
"If we normalize the bargaining set so that the disagreement point is (0, 0) and maximal gains are (1, 1), then any perspective-invariant bargaining solution must lie between the Utilitarian solution and the maximal equal-gain (minimal equal-sacrifice) solution."
"Scheduling, however, is an effective way to counter some of the negative impact from uncertain patient behaviors."
"Numerous models in the Management Science literature contain constructions that are a variant of the following: A decision-maker must choose from a set of alternatives based on imperfect information as to their relative quality, while further evaluation, through costly, provides more accurate information."
"Furthermore, the restructuring and cost-cutting that are often necessary to realize the potential benefits of IS have only recently been undertaken in many firms."
"Finally, a comprehensive computational study is conducted to highlight the impact of the manufacturer’s incentives, subsidies, and/or transshipment fees on the dealers’ sharing behavior."
"This paper presents a model to help reconcile the tension between these apparently contradictory perspectives."
"Hence what follows are a set of assertions whose baldness gives them a dogmatic tone that they are not intended to have."
"Customers form expectations of future availability and make rational purchasing decisions accordingly."
"Although it was constructed primarily to deal with the problem of yard location, the model seems sufficiently flexible to deal with other railroad problems."
"Management Sci.34 1–26.)"
"The bond refunding problem is formulated as a multiperiod decision process in which future interest rates are determined by a Markovian stochastic process."
"Additionally, a recommender’s awareness lift is greater than its saliency impact."
"In light of this criticism the Stochastic Dominance criteria are offered as an alternative research method for the examination of market efficiency."
"The procurement of product development and production services brings special strategic considerations to the buyer-seller relationship in industrial and institutional markets."
"We do find, however, that past athletic success carries over significantly to the present in both football and basketball, suggesting the significance of the long-term monetary effect of athletic success to many academic institutions in the United States."
"This paper describes an efficient heuristic algorithm based on partitioning of a traveling salesman tour."
"Even in situations where the players do not expect each other to act with complete rationality, normative game theory can help them heuristically to formulate reasonable expectations about the other players' behavior."
"The problem of the relevance of the analytical products of management science for the manager whose decision making is largely intuitive is discussed."
"Geographic variation in consumer use of Internet retailers is partly explained by variation in offline shopping costs."
"The model allows for an exogenous decomposition of the total variation in data for each Decision Making Unit (DMU)."
"Prior research hypothesizes managers use “real actions,” including the reduction of discretionary expenditures, to manage earnings to meet or beat key benchmarks."
"For instance, different alternatives as regards the marketing routes, or channels, through which goods and services or their titles flow, are mostly considered in terms of “advantages” and “disadvantages”."
"This paper was accepted by Kamalini Ramdas, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"We find that the system that is more effective at reducing emissions is often less effective at reducing oil dependence, and the misalignment between the two objectives is most severe when the energy mix is coal heavy and has advanced battery technology."
"failure"
"failure"
"This paper investigates multiperiod decisions under multiple beliefs."
"We use network visualization methods and correspondence analyses to demonstrate that innovative research in biomedicine has its origins in regional clusters in the United States and in European nations."
"Failure to ascertain the general significance of particular findings is another, as is discouragement arising from the fact that similar applications have previously been published by others."
"Some analytical findings are striking: firms without initial knowledge of their potential customers should allocate one-third of the firm's resources to marketing research."
"In Europe, for example, the concept of the function of management is quite different from that in the United States, as are the variances in the avenues of access to managerial positions."
"While in both variety-seeking and inertial markets, the sales impact and the sales on discount are higher for front-loaded promotions than for rear-loaded promotions, from a profitability perspective, rear-loaded promotions may be better than front-loaded promotions."
"First, we find that the presence of social learning has significant structural implications for optimal pricing policies: In the absence of social learning, decreasing price plans are always preferred by the firm; by contrast, in the presence of social learning we find that (i) if the firm commits to a price path ex ante (preannounced pricing), an increasing price plan is typically announced, whereas (ii) if the firm adjusts price dynamically (responsive pricing), prices are initially low and may either rise or decline over time."
"Models predictive of managerial judgments of organizational effectiveness were developed using these 24 dimensions."
"Consequently, the central warehouse will stock out with high probability."
"Many results involving expected utility theory call upon the notions of absolute risk aversion, prudence, and/or temperance."
"Statistical sampling techniques in the aging of accounts receivable in a department store."
"In particular, we obtain planning horizon theorems and characterize the form of an optimal production schedule for T < ∞ and T = ∞. In §3 the special assumption is removed and similar, but slightly weaker, theorems are established."
"Attention to public information further enables analysts to provide forecasts for more time periods and more financial metrics."
"Generalizations of the warehousing model."
"In many contexts, however, the amount of relevant data per parameter is small, and hence, we may only have imprecise estimates."
"Nevertheless, we develop approximation algorithms and propose a compact integer programming formulation."
"In capacity expansion studies of power generation systems, the uncertainty in the prices of the primary energy resources is a major concern."
"This paper compares how managers value knowledge from internal and external sources."
"Two premises underlie the development of these experimental strategies."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"The maintenance problem is then stated in mathematical terms."
"Management Sci.22 (3, November) 298–308.]."
"We then distinguish between positive spillovers and complementarities to examine (1) the extent to which a hospital's specialization in areas related to cardiovascular care directly impacts performance on cardiovascular patients (positive spillovers) and (2) whether the marginal benefit of a hospital's focus in cardiovascular care depends on the degree to which the hospital “cospecializes” in related areas (complementarities)."
"failure"
"Ezra Solomon, editor."
"A bidding machanism for determining priorities in a service system is analyzed."
"We further explore which contracts better facilitate these two roles of TCI by modeling the strategic interaction between the insurer and the supplier."
"We derived the optimal trading strategies and utility levels for a large set of realistic parameters."
"We show that it is possible to improve our results by separating different groups of insureds with different moral costs of fraud."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2977.This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"Not evaluated here are the effects on order instability caused by demand uncertainty or supply and lead-time uncertainty."
"failure"
"Singapore government policy varied the sunk cost of buying a new car."
"Based on a difference-in-differences analysis of a sample of 572 ES implementations, our main finding is that ES implementation does reduce IU-induced underreaction anomaly."
"The rationality postulates needed include the expected-utility maximization postulate; postulates involving payoff-dominance concepts; and postulates imposing certain consistency requirements on the expectations that rational players can entertain about each other's strategies."
"Any buyer that depends on suppliers for the delivery of a service or the production of a make-to-order component should pay close attention to the suppliers’ service or delivery lead times."
"This paper is a critical analysis of the models available to aid competitive bidding decision making—bidding strategy and auction design—in real transactions."
"For this more difficult problem, we show that replication test scores can be used to develop an algorithm that approximates the optimal solution up to a logarithmic factor."
"The policies investigated included restricting growth of manufacturing and/or government activities in the capital, moving government services from the capital, lowering the national birth rate, and making cities other than the capital more attractive places in which to live."
"For a class of inventory and capital costs the optimal production and capital decisions are obtained for an n-period problem."
"This paper was accepted by Karl Diether, finance."
"Central to the analysis is the development of a simulation model of a regulatory agency."
"This paper deals with the M/G/m queueing system with group arrivals."
"It presents a computer program governed by an algorithm which determines how relative location patterns should be altered to obtain sequentially the most improved pattern with each change, commands their alteration, evaluates the results of alterations, and identifies the sub-optimum relative location patterns.3 The computer output yields a block diagramatic layout of the facility areas, and the areas need not be equal.4 A manufacturing plant layout example is used because the methodology is well illustrated by reference to some kind of example, and this one is commonly known."
"We develop an intermediate input model to examine the extent to which the growth in licensing is due to the productivity of observable inputs or driven by a change in the propensity of faculty and administrators to engage in commercializing university research."
"The trade-offs between the two cases (i.e., single team versus multiple team analysis) are discussed."
"Examples are presented to illustrate the way in which a situation that is transitive under majority voting rule becomes intransitive when mixtures of the same alternatives are permitted."
"First, I illustrate the inventory models having Deterministic Demand and then consider the class of Probabilistic Demand Models."
"This paper was accepted by Anandhi Bharadwaj, information systems."
"The lot size is considered “economic” when the sum of the fixed costs per lot and the inventory holding costs of both the work-in-process and finished product inventories is minimized."
"Similar assumptions have been used by other researchers.)"
"Decomposition is shown to provide internal prices for decentralized decision making in the presence of external economies or diseconomies."
"The study took place at the University of Missouri where a sample of 86 “hard” science professors pursuing funded research in 23 departments were evaluated."
"This paper is intended to be a broad survey of both the present and the potential role of management games in education and research."
"More interestingly, by incorporating the primary and auxiliary random variables of the lifted ambiguity set in the LDR approximation, we can significantly improve the solutions, and for a class of adaptive distributionally robust optimization problems, exact solutions can also be obtained."
"An algorithm is developed to rapidly compute approximations for all the standard steady-state performance measures in the basic call-center queueing model M/GI/s/r+GI, which has a Poisson arrival process, independent and identically distributed (IID) service times with a general distribution, s servers, r extra waiting spaces and IID customer abandonment times with a general distribution."
"It investigates the feasibility and profitability of corporate takeovers, and shows the existence, under some conditions, of pairs of Nash equilibrium strategies that result in one major stockholder taking control of the company."
"Beckmann shows that two curves in the plane determine an optimal policy (minimum expected discounted cost) each period."
"This environment presents special challenges for the optimization methods; an heuristic sequential network assignment was developed for certified performance on these dispatch models in lieu of their solution as integer programs."
"Also, for consistent, but not necessarily canonically closed programs, a partial regularization of original data removes duality gaps that may occur."
"But winning acceptance of truly significant scientific ideas is hardly less difficult in our own time than it was in his."
"A note on Fishburn, Peter C. 1969."
"In effect, the road network available to dangerous goods carriers can be determined by the regulator."
"In both cases, suppliers incur a cost whenever they receive a positive portion of demand, with this cost increasing in the quality of service they offer and the demand they receive."
"The problem is formulated first of all as a max-min problem, and then as an equivalent min-max problem."
"In cross-sectional analyses, we find that after bank mergers that involve a peer’s bank, firms are less likely to switch when the firm’s financial reporting is more opaque and has greater monitoring needs, consistent with the information efficiency hypothesis."
"The model permits production rate to be a decision variable in the manufacturer's production planning."
"It is shown that the use of the third-type asymptotic distribution of the largest values as an approximation to the exact distribution provides for an expression for the expected value and the mode of the largest earthquake magnitude in the next n years."
"Governments in certain countries have tried over the last two decades to draw most industry to the largest cities."
"Operationally, greater use should be made of sensitivity analysis and the concept of the value of information."
"Control of airline reservations."
"We consider a day-ahead electricity market that consists of multiple competing renewable firms (e.g., wind generators) and conventional firms (e.g., coal-fired power plants) in a discrete-time setting."
"The paper deals primarily with computational considerations since, in general, analytic solutions to functional equations are not forthcoming."
"These equations provide for nonlinear and transient behavior and recognize the time value of money."
"Finally, we show that when advisers' personal ethical opinions do not match group norms, this mismatch is correlated with job dissatisfaction and lying for money in a second experiment."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"A new Bayesian approach employing the Gibbs sampler is developed and compared to alternative models."
"Manufacturing Resources Planning (MRP) and the Critical Path Method (CPM) are recast in terms of the framework, revealing opportunities for model generalization and extension, and their relationship to linear programming models."
"It is notoriously difficult to provide outside parties with adequate incentives for innovation."
"Firms operating in more differentiated product markets experience positive returns, whereas firms in financial distress experience negative returns, consistent with the TCJA having competitive repercussions."
"In the context of our sample, flexible staffing saves more than 40% of the cost of a fully staffed capacity expansion, while achieving the same reduction in mortality."
"The nature of norms and values within situational normativism is discussed, and implications for system adaptation are explored."
"This is a performance similar to that of corporate bonds—at much higher risk."
"Often, an investigation is performed by discretizing the random components at point quantile levels, or by replacing the random components by their means-methods which give a deterministic “equivalent” model with constant terms, but possibly very misleading results."
"This may lead some producers to break away from collective systems, resulting in fragmented systems with higher total cost."
"The amount of behavioral measurement, the cost of measuring outcomes, and the uncertainty of the business also affect compensation."
"In this paper we examine computational complexity issues and develop algorithms for a class of “shoreline” single-vehicle routing and scheduling problems with release time constraints."
"These entrepreneurs undertake “contractual experiments” based on the information they possess."
"To establish cyclical schedules, a mathematical programming model is developed along with a heuristic solution technique and a Lagrangian-based lower bounding procedure."
"The acceptance of these statements enables an extension of the notion of “value judgement” from sentences to systems."
"To address these questions, we develop a conceptual framework comprising determinants of product line and other marketing actions in a single framework."
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"In general, options are not zero-sum games."
"Rapid advances in information technology have brought decision makers the mixed blessing of an increasingly vast amount of easily available data."
"The insight for management: Clustered nursing homes achieve higher quality."
"SAVE Proceedings, Vol."
"We find that clustered nursing homes achieve higher quality, conditional on labor inputs and patient characteristics."
"A simulation comparison of our procedure with the traditional policy was made using actual incidents from July 1972."
"We classify all possible effects of downstream entry in terms of fundamental market demand conditions."
"It does not necessarily imply a concave utility function."
"The risk assessment was accomplished through the use of several different methodologies e.g., fault tree analysis, event trees, and risk perspective techniques."
"The paper is divided along the following lines."
"We define the performance of a group as the quality of the best ideas identified."
"Computational results are given and extensions considered."
"In response to an incoming fire alarm, someone must decide how many and which engine and ladder companies (firefighters and their apparatus) to dispatch to the scene."
"Past research on the relationship between top management team (TMT) compositional diversity and organizational performance has paid insufficient attention to the nature of TMT team processes in interaction with TMT diversity."
"The point estimator used in naive Monte Carlo sampling weights all the computed function evaluations equally, and it does not take into account the precise locations at which the function evaluations are made."
"A family of inventory models in which demand is allowed to change with time is studied."
"Material Requirements Planning or Manufacturing Resource Planning (MRP) systems originally were designed for a deterministic environment."
"I assemble a data set from various disparate sources to test my hypothesis."
"The philosophy can be characterized as one that seeks to “release as late as possible, but no later!”Our methodology is based on Monte Carlo simulation and consequent optimization by a method that became known as “stochastic counterpart” or “sample path” simulation-based optimization techniques."
"Results of recent theoretical studies using probabilistic analysis to derive bounds on the average behavior of the Simplex Method."
"The structure of the optimal policy is nontrivial because in each stage the merchant's qualification of high (selling) and low (buying) commodity prices in general depends on the merchant's inventory availability."
"We also find weak price effects among sell recommendations."
"In this paper, we present a Markovian decision model for this problem."
"These have made use of many traditional tools of analysis and management science."
"Using a simulation in which actors compete to acquire one another, we model network dynamics driven by node collapses."
"When employers have limited discretion, and can only apply sanctions and/or rewards following an inspection, we find that both instruments are equally effective in reducing shirking and increasing joint earnings."
"However, when we weight these prices by proxies for market share, we find dispersion is lower in Internet channels than in conventional channels, reflecting the dominance of certain heavily branded retailers."
"This paper presents a mathematical model of sequential investment behavior under conditions of uncertainty."
"This tool enables one to make a quick but detailed comparison of competing vehicles by manual means."
"Many service systems use case managers, servers who are assigned multiple customers and have frequent, repeated interactions with each customer until the customer’s service is completed."
"We empirically explore the accuracy of an easily computed approximation for long run, average performance measures such as expected delay and probability of delay in multiserver queueing systems with exponential service times and periodic (sinusoidal) Poisson arrival processes."
"There are then three dimensions on which a revenue maximizer and social planner can differ: coverage (i.e., how many customers in total to serve), coarseness (i.e., how many classes of service to offer), and classification (i.e., how to map customers to priority levels).We show that differences between the decision-makers’ priority policies are all about classification."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1956."
"This paper considers “critical path” networks which are used for the planning and scheduling of projects that consist of well defined sequences of individual activities."
"A number of packaging problems involve optimization of costs subject to constraints imposed by the geometry of the alternatives."
"It is demonstrated that the parameter N is finite provided that the reliability of the non-monitored part approaches zero as the age of this part goes to infinity."
"They thus include constraints and goals for planning the improvement in living conditions and the upgrading of different segments of society."
"Designing and pricing a product-line is the very essence of every business."
"Competitive bidding: a comprehensive bibliography."
"Utilizing a series of experimental treatments based on a simple, two player extensive form game of perfect information, we find strong evidence that apparently rational people are often unwilling to rely on the self-interested behavior of others, despite the observed near universality of maximizing play."
"Under certain conditions, free entry is shown to lead to excessive competition and overinvestment by the firms."
"failure"
"A novel switching-station-based solution is touted as a promising remedy."
"We further show that a nonpositive review and a blank review without any content can also help attenuate discrimination, but self-claimed information on tidiness and friendliness cannot reduce discrimination, which indicates the importance of encouraging credible peer-generated reviews."
"The paper surveys the literature dealing with the optimization of petroleum and natural gas production: Drilling, reservoir simulation, production planning and operations, enhanced recovery processes."
"The discussion involves specifications, methods used, results, empirical validation, if any, and their economic significance."
"A heuristic scheduling policy is introduced for multi-item, single-machine production systems facing stochastic, time-varying demands."
"We test this hypothesis in the nursing home industry, which is characterized by managerial contract costs resulting from multitask models of production."
"One problem is to keep the usage rate of all parts fed into the final assembly as constant as possible (the “level-scheduling problem”), while the other is to keep the line's workstation loads as constant as possible (the “car-sequencing problem”)."
"Some hypotheses concerning the process of developing the intuitive abilities of inexperienced persons are raised."
"This paper presents and evaluates two screening strategies based upon random balance sampling."
"The design scope dimension characterizes the type of problem-solving activities outsourced by the manufacturer."
"How do people adapt to organizational culture, and what are the consequences for their outcomes in the organization?"
"On the theory of dynamic programming—a warehousing problem."
"These findings replicate in study 2, where we employ a subject pool of online workers and use a natural rather than an artificial source of uncertainty."
"It is well known that the latter two, more sophisticated contracts enable the manufacturer to coordinate the supply chain, thereby maximizing the profits available to the firms."
"In general, discounting benefits and costs at different rates can lead to peculiar results."
"1960."
"The model demonstrated an 11% improvement for the 1976–1977 Alaskan crab fleet's contribution over commercial fishing seasons set by traditional means."
"If a firm produces less than its cleared day-ahead commitment, the firm pays an undersupply penalty in proportion to its underproduction."
"However, there is lack of dual sourcing models that analyze the selection and control process in an integrated fashion."
"Our work makes two important contributions toward this question: First, we develop a general technique we call compensated coupling, which can be used to derive bounds on the expected regret (i.e., additive loss with respect to a benchmark) for any online policy and off-line benchmark."
"It has been used to develop prescriptive advice for the simplest bilateral negotiations between monolithic parties, for negotiations through agents or with linked “internal” and “external” aspects, for negotiations in hierarchies and networks, as well as for more complex coalitional interactions."
"Online shoppers are drawn to the competitor through an additional level of shopping assurance, along with the free and fast delivery that the buy-online-and-pick-up-in-store service provides to customers."
"Second, a formal theory for predicting the success of information system development projects is developed."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"The insight for management: A dynamic advertising strategy with changing emphases must be employed to garner maximal consumer interest in learning more about your product."
"Results show that influence does result from user participation, and that influence leads to both conflict and resolution."
"Finally, our analysis provides a useful framework to develop an index that can rank order components in terms of their attractiveness for commonality."
"Results demonstrate an asymmetric treatment effect of taking a stance depending on whether the employee agrees or disagrees with that stance."
"CCS capabilities effectively put an upper bound on the increase in electricity prices resulting from carbon regulations, and we estimate this bound to be near 30% at the retail level for both coal and natural gas plants."
"Smooth patterns of production."
"For a queueing system with multiple customer types differing in service-time distributions and waiting costs, it is well known that the cµ-rule is optimal if costs for waiting are incurred linearly with time."
"This work is all the more important because regret, that is, the pain of having chosen incorrectly, is one of the few radical departures from the conceptual framework of the ubiquitous expected utility model and its variants."
"These bounds are particularly important for valuing contingent claims when continuous trading in the claim and/or underlying security does not exist."
"A simple model is presented which allows us to determine the optimal size, fillup, and drawdown rates for a Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) under a variety of supply and demand conditions."
"The relative accuracy of C-MSKF increases with decreasing length of historical time series data, increasing forecasting horizon, and sensitivity of school districts to the economic cycle."
"Rev. 95(1):138–160]."
"We do not find a similar moderating effect for riders that signal support for the LGBT community."
"Results from an experiment confirm these predictions and show that providing decision makers with a simple linear model in combination with a computerized database of historical cases improves performance significantly."
"The need to hide sensitive information before sharing databases has long been recognized."
"We address this issue by running two randomized field experiments on Amazon in which we create exogenous shocks on the inventory availability information for a random subset of Amazon lightning deals."
"We investigate how the tightening of the capital budget and a lower financial flexibility in the production stage (the likelihood of having a sufficient operating budget) shape the optimal technology choice."
"We propose a logarithmic safety staffing rule, combined with a threshold control policy, ensuring that agents' utilization is very close to one at all times, but that there are practically always idle agents present."
"In addition, this most negative incremental cost determines an upper bound on the difference in cost between the given feasible solution and the optimal."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, decision analysis."
"1974."
"This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"We also find variation in historical returns across mediums and movements."
"The algorithm may be applied to any set of continuous, strictly increasing distribution functions; the marginal distributions need not all be of the same functional form."
"Thus it helps management in framing the optimal credit policy."
"The authors analyze two types of white lies: those that help others at the expense of the person telling the lie, which the authors term “altruistic white lies,” and those that help both others and the liar, which they term “Pareto white lies.”"
"Researchers in artificial intelligence and decision analysis share a concern with the construction of formal models of human knowledge and expertise."
"Moreover, when the benefits that the buyer can derive from implementing EDI are substantial, and the suppliers’ EDI adoption costs are high, it may be in the buyer’s best interest to subsidize the suppliers so as to encourage them to adopt EDI, instead of mandating them to do so."
"This paper studies the use of a scoring rule for the elicitation of forecasts in the form of probability distributions and for the subsequent evaluation of such forecasts."
"In this paper, we show that WNP drives market price downward as expected but with a surprising twist—rather than helping the smaller firms grow, the policy may accelerate the process of market concentration."
"We further exploit the rich heterogeneity in deal, recipient, sender, and social-tie characteristics and examine the mechanisms underlying the effect of message design."
"Without this assumption, the usual results unravel."
"In contrast to the previous literature, we find that concurrent bundling by competitors, if it occurs in equilibrium, is profitable."
"The “problem of implementation” is the problem of determining what activities of the scientist and the manager are most appropriate to bring about an effective relationship between the two."
"We investigate a production planning problem in a periodic review environment with variable production capacity, random yields, and uncertain demand."
"New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1956."
"Management Sci.19 (4, December) 406–410.]),"
"Englewood Cliffs, N.J.: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 388 pp.,"
"The experimental results and structural model estimation confirm the predictions of the behavioral model."
"Aggarwal [Aggarwal, S. C. 1973."
"The cross-price elasticity is of significant importance because marketing activities are critically influenced by whether the goods are substitutes or complements."
"We study the hiring and retention of heterogeneous workers who learn over time."
"Because investor limit orders also provide price improvement with execution risk, dark pools offer a natural substitute."
"Recent scientific research has made available a variety of tools which can be brought to bear on managerial problems."
"Prior literature demonstrates that increased trading activity of a firm’s stock is associated with abnormal future stock returns (the high-volume return premium) and interprets this phenomenon as evidence that increased visibility generates reductions in cost of capital."
"A new technology is proposed for estimating the systematic (beta) risk of a firm's stock."
"Additionally, since mean and variance are arithmetically linked, augmenting the system with additional equations will not provide the information necessary to establish the validity or generalizability of statements involving the mean-variance relation."
"Using a rational expectations equilibrium framework, I evaluate the effects of a short-sale prohibition in an economy with asymmetrically informed investors who are identical except for their information sets."
"There is only a finite number of waiting positions between any two adjacent stations."
"We show that cognitive ability influences mutual fund choice: high-IQ investors avoid funds with high management fees."
"In past decades there have been occasional upsurges of intensive interest in inventory control problems, sometimes in the aftermath of forced inventory liquidation."
"The insight for management: Ambiguous environments can now be better emulated, allowing researchers to contribute more to the study of ambiguous decisions."
"The author is one of the most distinguished of Russian mathematicians."
"Optimal solutions for the dynamic lot-sizing problem with deterministic demands but stochastic lead times are “lumpy.”"
"We provide possible explanations behind the phenomenon and discuss reasons for the variety of findings in the existing literature."
"The decomposition procedure for the solution of large scale linear programs is described in an elementary manner with illustrative calculations."
"Second, consistent with decision theory, we predict that marketing decisions become more important with increases in the instability of the marketing environment (i.e., predictability), the profit impact of marketing decisions (i.e., opportunity profit), and the loss from marketing mistakes (i.e., potential loss).Third, we construct empirical measures of our theoretical constructs with data from 592 firms."
"Prentice Hall, Inc. 1958, pp."
"Based on some theoretical and extensive empirical results, we propose two rules for ordering the stations."
"We further establish that, contrary to conventional knowledge, social learning can have an ex ante negative impact on the firm’s profit, in particular when the consumers are sufficiently forward-looking."
"In general, the following factors are considered important to high quality accident hazard management by companies and society: (1) Public concern about safety issues, (2) technological capacity and organizational tradition of safety engineering in the manufacturing company, (3) routines for announcing future proposed safety standards, e.g., US Federal Register, (4) laws enforcing a recall system, (5) annual vehicle inspections and (6) effective product liability laws."
"In addition, the relation between this problem and a related problem, where one makes an observation on the “right-hand side” and solves the (nonstochastic) linear programming problem based on this observation, is discussed."
"Disutility may thus be interpreted as the “probability of injury."
"Questions addressed include: What are the implications of item-based inventory planning decisions on the order-based performance?"
"Notably, firms decrease their advertising intensity in the wake of a new product introduction."
"Our results suggest that a substantial correction is needed to get “true” beta estimates from short differencing interval data."
"Another extension allows for some fraction of users to use “work-arounds.”"
"This strategy fundamentally differs from the conventional market segmentation strategy that targets investors with heterogeneous preferences."
"In each time period, the buyer makes a price offer to a seller who has private, persistent information regarding his or her cost and quality of provision."
"The substitution toward online advertising is strongest in markets with fewer customers, suggesting that the relationship between the online and offline media is mediated by the marketers' need to target their communications."
"This paper studies the problem of contracting between two firms when they try to exploit their complementary resources in a collaborative venture (CV), but their performance in the CV cannot be precisely verified by the other party or by a third-party arbiter."
"The customers' patience and valuation may be correlated in an arbitrary fashion."
"This article demonstrates that a random utility model can be derived from the general class of bounded accumulation models, and characterizes how the resulting distribution of random utility depends on response time."
"Also it was desired to compare actual with optimal policies in a concrete case."
"The use of the Stochastic Dominance (SD) ordering rules in selecting a set of acceptable debt issuance strategies is examined."
"However, product costs are the output of a cost reporting system, which itself is the outcome of heuristic design choices."
"1970."
"Certain Markov decision processes, stochastic games, and risk-sensitive Markov decision processes can be formulated in this notation."
"Thus, at some appropriate time in the replenishment cycle, the necessity and size of an emergency order is determined according to a base stock policy on net stock."
"To do so, we restrict the application of Nash’s IIA axiom to bargaining sets where all options are individually rational and none exceed either party’s ideal point."
"Since the traditional mathematical background of civil engineers includes neither linear programming nor network flow theory, these methods are not as widely used in the building industry as they deserve."
"Naturally, the faster the site can learn a user's profile, the sooner the site can benefit from personalization."
"We will consider two well-studied deterministic inventory models, called the one-warehouse multiretailer (OWMR) problem and its special case the joint replenishment problem (JRP), and give approximation algorithms with worst-case performance guarantees."
"Statistica Neerlandica16 271–289.]"
"However, the same systems are then slower to offer new products enabled by the upgrade, suggesting upgrades in these markets occur for strategic reasons."
"In addition, the average delay, the variance of the delay and the delay distribution for first-come-served by batches and arbitrary order of service within batches are presented."
"This paper studies price bargaining when both parties have left-digit bias when processing numbers."
"The issue is then whether prediction intervals should be estimated by a theoretical approach, with the assumption that the method is optimal in some sense, or by an empirical procedure."
"We also find that negative outcomes from past repurchases encourage the subsequent use of dividends."
"Previous research focused on developing importance-sampling schemes for a special case of Markov chains that did not include “high-probability cycles.”"
"These empirical results were replicated in a real-world case study of strategic decision making at a high-tech firm."
"Using the properties of location and scale parameters, an explicit form for the optimal policy is found when the underlying distribution is normal, uniform, or gamma and the prior is from the natural conjugate family."
"When the degree of foreign aversion is high in a given country, investors place a high valuation on domestic equity, which results in a low expected return."
"A recently passed U.S. law mandating nonintrusive imaging and radiation detection for 100% of U.S.-bound containers at international ports has provoked widespread concern that the resulting congestion would hinder trade significantly."
"The Institute of Management Sciences 1966 American Meeting, February 16–19, 1966, Statler Hilton Hotel, Dallas, Texas.—TIMS 1966 American Meeting—Program Plan—Program for the 1966 TIMS American Meeting—Abstracts—Participants"
"It is suggested that with time management control tends to involve an increasing number of formal procedures and thereby to become more impersonalistic in character."
"Education is shown to be a dispersed and difficult “market” for research services."
"Using a panel of firms listed in the North American and UK stock markets, we find that adding board directors from countries with different levels of genetic diversity (either higher or lower) increases firm performance."
"The model includes the most important institutional factors affecting an officer's career: promotion probabilities and timing, regular force integration probabilities, and mandatory separation and retirement probabilities."
"We consider a complex planning problem in integrated steel production."
"This paper was accepted by Manel Baucells, decision analysis."
"In the second step, a quantitative procedure is outlined for evaluating the relative profit potential of the selected alternatives."
"Telecommunications technology developments uniformly increase content providers' profit."
"In this paper, we study systems that allocate different types of scarce resources to heterogeneous allocatees based on predetermined priority rules—the U.S. deceased-donor kidney allocation system or the public housing program."
"We establish in each of the three competition models that a Nash equilibrium exists under minor conditions regarding the demand volumes."
"failure"
"This defines the key variables underlying an MMIS."
"This paper was accepted by Christian Terwiesch, operations management."
"This paper shows that a realistic model of observed demand patterns can be chosen from the compound Poisson family of distributions."
"The characterization of the optimal auditing strategy is robust to some degree of signal manipulation by defrauders as well as to the imperfect information of defrauders about the audit frequency."
"We show that the full-sharing game (in which dealers precommit to sharing all of their on-hand inventory) and the fixed-sharing-level game (in which dealers precommit to sharing a portion of their on-hand inventory) are supermodular, and thus a pure-strategy Nash equilibrium is guaranteed to exist."
"The largest example corresponds to a real-life call center with 65 types of calls and 89 types of agents (skill groups)."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"Numerous methods have been proposed for solution of the simple assembly line balancing (SALB) problem."
"Changes in the size of the office that improve productivity may have lower equity; conversely, changes in the size of the office that improve equity may have lower productivity."
"There is no specialization involved in this organization in the sense that all customer portfolios as well as all agent teams have (statistically) identical behaviors."
"Book Review—A Guide to FORTRAN Programming by Daniel D. McCracken."
"The empirical comparison is performed via three experiments."
"Also Management Sci.5(1) 97–101.)."
"This concept of fit is defined and the values it may logically take are identified."
"How much benefit do we gain from such initiatives?"
"The concluding section of the paper suggests some steps that might be rewarding if implemented in the future."
"As a result, we could assess several econometric models of the contribution of IS to firm-level productivity."
"8 (1979), p. 810)."
"It is shown that risk-return relationships remain stable as long as the relative position to the individual reference level is stable."
"This article examines 42 innovative firms in a newly industrializing country, Korea."
"Quite often in the creation of analytic models for decision problems involving multiple objectives, some of the objectives are excluded."
"Friendships increase the probability of successful funding, lower interest rates on funded loans, and are associated with lower ex post default rates."
"1999, Coherent measures of risk, Math."
"Two explanations are consistent with the data."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc., 1961—reviewed by Bernard M. Bass;—Queues, D. R. Cox and Walter L. Smith."
"A method is proposed for obtaining range estimates of the parameters when multiple alternative estimates exist."
"The purpose of this paper is to provide further insight into the process of scientific and technical information transfer."
"The problem of estimating a nonstationary process however has not been solved, although Hallberg [Hallberg, M. C. 1969."
"Two complementary case studies and survey data from managers demonstrate the phenomenon of valuing external knowledge more highly than internal knowledge and reveal some mechanisms through which this process occurs."
"The perishable items have a deterministic usable life after which they must be outdated."
"These findings demonstrate, first, that advertiser brand matters even for search ads, and, second, the way it matters is the opposite of what is usually assumed in the theoretical literature on search advertising."
"Under these assumptions, equilibrium prices for any multiechelon assembly network are characterized by a system of linear equations."
"However, the productivity effects are less clear-cut when participants have prior experience with the system, and, worse, a forced distribution becomes detrimental when workers have access to a simple option to sabotage each other."
"Internal control evaluation traditionally has been an integral part of an audit to provide an opinion on an entity's financial statements."
"In three months of operation, the simulation has been more successful than initially expected."
"Umberto Turello;—Finite Queuing Tables by L. G. Peck and R. N. Hazelwood."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1958—reviewed by Martin K. Starr;—Introduction to Probability and Statistics."
"Sections 5 and 6 are devoted to that purpose."
"1992."
"In the model, the objective of the firm is to maximise, subject to various constraints, the discounted value of accumulated savings over the finite decision-making interval plus the discounted value of capacity at the end of the interval."
"We study the allocation of heterogeneous services to agents with incomplete information and without monetary transfers."
"In particular, these plans allow research and development (R&D)-intensive firms to retain and borrow from their employees, which is attractive since they have high adjustment costs, require a stable cash flow, have less collateral, have assets that are harder to value, and have high asymmetric information and agency costs."
"This work offers a critique of the methodology used by Scriabin and Vergin [Scriabin, Michael, Roger C. Vergin."
"Computer Methods in the Analysis of Large-Scale Social Systems."
"Contamination, genetic instability, and other factors complicate production planning and make bioprocess systems unreliable."
"failure"
"In this paper, we study the committee decision making process using game theory."
"We model the interaction between buyer and supplier using relational contacts in which penalties for quality failures are set so that the supplier voluntarily pays them."
"The number of firms in each sector is known."
"We then examine the relationship between state membership and managerially relevant metrics, including customers' propensities for acquiring additional services or terminating the relationship, and customer lifetime value."
"The Internet appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2828.This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Paying to Be Nice: Consistency and Costly Prosocial Behavior (p. 179)Ayelet Gneezy, Alex Imas, Amber Brown, Leif D. Nelson, Michael I. NortonDo we give until it hurts?"
"This paper links patents with objective measures of improvements in the quality of patented inventions—measured through performance in field trials for hybrid corn—to examine three potential factors that influence citations: (1) improvements in performance, (2) citing practices of patent attorneys, and (3) citing practices of patent examiners."
"Computing the optimal portfolio policy of an investor facing capital gains tax is a challenging problem: because the tax to be paid depends on the price at which the security was purchased (the tax basis), the optimal policy is path dependent and the size of the problem grows exponentially with the number of time periods."
"As one might anticipate, the simulation estimate of the expected number of customers in a ΣiGIi/M/1 queueing system approaches the expected number in an M/M/1 queueing system as the number of arrival processes, n, increases."
"1970."
"Unlike the promotion pricing problem that received great attention from both academics and practitioners, the promotion vehicle scheduling problem was largely overlooked, and our goal is to study this problem both theoretically and in practice."
"The Definition stage, however, typically accounts for no more than 25% of the resources required for system development."
"Under such competition, the optimal strategy for an owner of consumer data that sells information in a single block is selling to only one firm, thereby maximizing the stakes for rival buyers."
"A three-factor model comprising a forward spread, a weighted combination of forward rates, and a macro factor generates notable gains in out-of-sample forecast accuracy compared with a model based on the expectations hypothesis."
"Prior research in this area has relied primarily on the use of historical data as a basis for modeling the information sources."
"The biggest advantage of prediction polls was at the beginning of long-duration questions."
"We rank activities considering both the uncertainty in the problem parameters and the optimal portfolio that will be obtained once the uncertainty is revealed."
"The key to understanding these differences lies in the dichotomy between first-order and second-order ambiguity aversion, which I define here."
"This paper was accepted by Anandhi Bharadwaj, information systems."
"This paper deals with the design of dynamic time-space and calibrated static strategic planning models, along with solution algorithms, for the multilevel rail-car fleet management problem faced by RELOAD®, a branch of the Association of American Railroads (AAR)."
"The paper provides a simple algorithm for determining an optimal strategy, once the decision maker's subjective probabilities have been specified."
"Decision analysis produces measures of value such as expected net present values or expected utilities and ranks alternatives by these value estimates."
"Sales agents strategically comply only partially with the experiment, targeting information to more interested consumers but not discussing energy efficiency with the disinterested majority."
"Air travelers frequently find themselves paying for pet transport, snacks, checked luggage, and even blankets."
"We model trust as a public signal and construct a correlated equilibrium."
"Technical Report No."
"The algorithm used is well suited to computers of moderate size and speed."
"This paper was accepted by Kay Giesecke, finance."
"In this paper, we show that the degree of difficulty in neural network learning is inherent in the given set of training examples."
"Firms commonly undertake philanthropic campaigns as a means of attracting and retaining customers."
"Based on this model, the paper evaluates the savings obtained by using a simultaneous solution for reorder point and order quantity rather than a simpler separate solution."
"The optimal foreclosure policy for a special case is derived based on the number of payments which are late."
"We examine the dynamics of suppliers' investments in cost-reduction initiatives over the life cycle of a product under different procurement approaches."
"Accordingly, the insurer offers BI insurance to the firm while facing adverse selection and moral hazard."
"America4 (1, February) 100–103.];"
"At each iteration, the procedure finds both a lower bound on the optimal value to the production planning problem and a feasible solution from which an upper bound is obtained."
"In this paper, we provide such a theoretical foundation by proving that a simple TBS policy is indeed asymptotically optimal as the lead time of the regular source grows large, with the lead time of the express source held fixed."
"failure"
"Book Reviews—Magee, John F. and David M. Boodman, Production Planning and Inventory Control, 2nd Edition."
"Likewise, contrary to popular perception, we do not find evidence for complementarities between an MBA education and IT experience."
"A comparative analysis of actual product concept development activities, with and without the use of Concept Engineering, was conducted."
"Third, the authors' findings support prior game theoretic findings that young males are less cooperative than females but that this gender effect reverses for older contestants: Men become increasingly cooperative as their age increases."
"failure"
"The special M/M/1 queue is further analyzed by allowing the Waiting customer to make decisions at instants of customers' arrivals as well as at instants of service completion."
"If they were to place more weight on advice, their point estimates would be more accurate."
"The plan of the paper is as follows."
"This work differs from a number of other studies in that we allow item demands to be correlated both across warehouses and also correlated in time."
"Motivated by recent empirical evidence, we consider a large service system in which the patience time of each customer depends on his service requirement."
"In this paper we develop a model using dynamic-programming techniques that explain why firms vary in their R&D project-management policies."
"The authors suggest that this model holds only at those points in time when all investors review their plans."
"In this paper we develop a product life-cycle model that studies a set of strategic choices facing manufacturers as they design the joint product/service bundle for a product which may require maintenance and repair support after its sale."
"Manufacturers choose the development time and expenditure for each new version of a durable product, which together determine its quality."
"Under the assumptions that margins are the same regardless of flexibility location, capacity investment costs are the same within and across stages, and flexibility is limited to a single stage of logistics (process) flexibility accompanied with necessary process (logistics) flexibility, we show that both types of flexibility are most effective when positioned directly at the source of variability."
"In this paper, we develop a method that yields individual-level, flexibly shaped utility functions for use in choice models."
"The individual in our model is essentially a “frequentist.”"
"A well-known principle in economics is that firms differentiate their product offerings in order to relax competition."
"A computer program has been developed to take full advantage of the model: 2,000 securities can be analyzed at an extremely low cost—as little as 2% of that associated with standard quadratic programming codes."
"First, the optimal compensation is increasing but concave in output value if the manager is more risk averse than a log-utility manager; optimally, there is diminishing payout for performance."
"We test a model that incorporates salespersons' customer service, attention to personal details, adaptability, and knowledge—key marketing constructs that could mediate IT's impact on salesperson performance."
"This paper considers the replenishment and stocking decision for inventory systems in which price discounts, referred to as deals, are offered by the supplier (or the market place) at random points in time."
"We exploit the effects of team relegation in professional soccer by contrasting players on teams just below and just above the cutoff point of relegation."
"2) Hence, the optimal mix of interventions varies over time. ("
"Arguably, the success of such technology-mediated collaboration is dependent upon the quality of each individual's contributions; however, although individuals' motivations to do their best could be significantly influenced by the design of a system's human–computer interface, this area has received little attention within the context of group collaboration environments."
"How would you feel about undergoing the treatment in the second scenario compared to the first?"
"Changes in management policies suggest that the choice of R&D selection thresholds is a time-varying strategic decision and there may be some type of vertical interdependency among R&D projects in different stages."
"A conservative regime can thus soften market competition and result in ex ante higher investment payoff, higher consumer surplus, and higher total social welfare."
"Control of space travel."
"Data Envelopment Analysis is a procedure for evaluation of the relative efficiency of units in a production system."
"The theory of complete Tchebycheff systems in Karlin and Studden [Karlin, S., W. J. Studden."
"It is thereby useful for assessment of the many complicated hybrid structures that we see in actual decision-making organizations, such as banks, purchasing departments, and military intelligence."
"This paper demonstrates the benefits from using a multiperiod model, the effects of cointegration on optimal portfolio, and the differences between the timber harvesting model and the standard financial portfolio optimisation model."
"Such processes are called Markov-renewal processes."
"Many of the concepts and procedures of product quality control can be applied to the problem of producing better quality information outputs."
"A rich literature has addressed the choice between internal production and external sourcing of components in the auto industry."
"Quadratic all-integer and mixed-integer programs are special cases of these problems."
"After an introductory overview, this paper describes the contexts in which auctions arise, reviews the “mainstream” theory of single, isolated auctions and discusses the important work involved in enrichment of this theory."
"It is assumed that the item has a known date of obsolescence and that the demand is Poisson distributed with a fixed mean over the useful life of the tem."
"Measures which demonstrate significant perceptual agreement across informants are retained as organization-level indicators."
"This impact may be decomposed in two different ways: (a) a direct effect (keeping the competitors’ actions fixed) plus a strategic effect (i.e., through the competitors’ actions); or, alternatively, (b) a competitive advantage effect (change in firm i only) plus an imitation effect (change in all other firms)."
"No statistically significant change in intrinsic risk attitude could be detected between the two years of measurement."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"This paper describes a simulation study of two cases of research and development planning."
"Prior literature suggests opposite predictions on the direction in which competition drives IT investment."
"The “problem of implementation” is the problem of determining what activities of the scientist and the manager are most appropriate to bring about an effective relationship between the two."
"Recent financial studies often assume that agents have Epstein–Zin preferences—preferences that require agents to care about when uncertainty is resolved."
"A proof of the mathematical validity of the second method is given."
"We find that defaults and negative financial changes are more likely for firms given the same rating if the rating was assigned after the SEC action."
"The model generates a system of simultaneous behavioral equations, a portion of which is included to reflect attempted cost minimizing behavior."
"This paper develops and illustrates an analytical approach designed to improve the allocation of consumer incentives where sales targets are exogenously set."
"L. Collatz, W. Wetterlink, eds."
"The early entrant may assume an aggressive investment strategy or a defensive investment strategy in response to a decline in the IT cost, depending on whether the switching cost relative to the extent of decline in the IT cost is high or low, respectively."
"The impact of aquifer depletion on the profitability of furrow and pivot irrigation systems is illustrated for a typical farm situation in the Texas High Plains."
"The generation of the increments of the gamma process, given its value at the terminal point, is interpreted as a Dirichlet partition of the unit interval."
"After that, we propose a new branch and bound method for solving a subclass of MOMIP problems, where only two objectives are allowed, the integer variables are binary, and one of the two objectives has only integer variables."
"When a machine switches from processing one type of job to another type, setup times are incurred."
"The social planner’s goal is to maximize a potentially complex public objective."
"We propose a new approach to deal with this problem."
"Finally, to demonstrate the potential for solving management decision problems, we develop an algebraic modeling package and illustrate how it can be used to facilitate modeling and obtain high-quality solutions for medical appointment scheduling and inventory management problems."
"With a functional design goal, we find that exposure to a prototype with more features leads to more novel ideas as a result of a more thorough exploration of one’s knowledge base."
"Our study examines the imitation behavior of UK automobile manufacturers from 1894 to 1981 and supports previous studies on interorganizational imitation by showing that manufacturers tend to imitate other manufacturers that are similar."
"Warren Buffett has quoted Keynes and espouses this approach to investing."
"We present a method for setting release times for jobs with due dates in a stochastic production flow line for which the sequence of jobs has been determined."
"More importantly, we observe that the delegation of auction participation, i.e., actual bidding, to IT significantly reduces the occurrence of the sunk cost effect in subsequent decisions made by the same individual."
"This paper addresses the latter possibility, exploring the impact of mandatory shrouded surcharges on firm reputation in the U.S. hotel industry."
"A branch-and-bound solution procedure is designed for the problem."
"This pattern of uncertainty avoidance is also not explained by prospect theory models, which predict risk seeking for losses."
"In the absence of the franchisor, establishment behavior drifts from the operational routine, and establishments fail to adopt innovation."
"Our estimated bed requirements are approximately 25% higher than naive estimates that fail to account for right censoring of residence times due to some detainees being released from detention before removal to make way for higher-priority detainees."
"We consider multiunit Vickrey auctions for procurement in supply chain settings."
"The proposed methodology is being currently implemented at the AAR, and the status of this process as well as some test results are presented."
"We discuss several implications of our findings for the global diffusion of management standards."
"$8.75—reviewed by Richard Bellman;—Economic Models, an Exposition."
"A simulation based on empirically observed parameter values is used to determine which criterion is the most accurate at identifying the correct model specification."
"We consider either a discrete time or an age-dependent branching process where the population consists of k types of individuals."
"The basic properties are stated of a linear programming problem with a linear objective function having quadratic constraints whose associated matrices are identities, and a method to find its optimal solution is given with an example."
"Our model allows a manager to account for potential competition, either substitute or complementary, by inclusion of strategic considerations modelled in a game theoretic setting."
"This is especially true for product categories such as automobiles and technology goods where the lead time needed for manufacturing forces firms to make production decisions well in advance of the selling season."
"Yet for the most part models of aggregate phenomena in management science and economics are not consistent with such micro-empirical knowledge of individual decision-making."
"We show that if each personal utility function is homogeneous, in addition to satisfying the usual regularity conditions, then an aggregate utility function can be defined explicitly in terms of the given utilities."
"We consider capacitated, multiechelon systems operating under base-stock policies and develop estimators of derivatives with respect to base-stock levels."
"The mathematical treatment outlined can be extended to the calculation of other important parameters, including the expected number of entries which will be out-of-order within a group of areas, and the probability that the last overflow area will itself have an overflow."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2015.2367.This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"This paper derives the optimal simultaneous capacity and production plan for a shortlife-cycle, produce-to-stock good under stochastic demand."
"Soc."
"We are primarily concerned here with the question of integrability of the total demand in a model in which each consumer acts according to a cardinal utility function and has a fixed monetary income."
"We propose a new “human-centric bin packing algorithm” that anticipates and incorporates human deviations to reduce deviations and improve performance."
"Measures of both these attributes of six R&D groups, two in each of three industries, are reported and analyzed here."
"This paper describes a branch and bound algorithm which in many cases is faster than the well-known Hoffmann heuristic technique to which it is related."
"Also the Topkis-Veinott convergence conditions for feasible direction algorithms are shown to be a special case of the conditions stated in this paper."
"In those situations, the site can learn the profile of a user as the user traverses the site."
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"We investigate the impact of delegating decision making to information technology (IT) on an important human decision bias—the sunk cost effect."
"Pp."
"Certain subprocesses are exploited, based on the simple notion of taking only those states which are relevant into consideration."
"The retrieval methods developed in this paper have been successfully applied to evaluating and developing “effective” media selection programs."
"Stochastic linear programming with applications to agricultural economics."
"In Section 2 the basic ideas (which are already “classical”) are briefly restated and the problem is formulated."
"Members of these two communities have recently discovered common ground: a family of graphical models of decision theory known as influence diagrams or as belief networks."
"A description is given of a method for solving some nonlinear programming problems."
"Further, this approach does not generally assume that all the elements of the “game” are common knowledge."
"On the subscriber side, these newspapers experience an increase in subscription prices, a decrease in circulation, and an increase in differentiation from each other."
"Industry resource allocation to basic research under normally distributed benefits."
"The forecasting errors of the best of the Box-Jenkins models that were tested are either approximately equal to or greater than the errors of the corresponding exponentially smoothed models."
"The increasing cost of health care has brought pressure to reduce pharmaceutical costs, and because manufacturing and R&D are significant cost factors, these areas have been targeted as potential sources of cost reduction."
"We find that when there is either no externality or a relatively weak positive externality, there is a strict preference for output-based contracts; that preference, however, is reversed with a sufficiently strong positive externality."
"This article is concerned with counting and identifying those customers who are still active."
"Results of the computational experiments are presented."
"failure"
"The single-item prices in each round are derived from a linear program that is constructed to reflect the current allocation of packages."
"The problem considered in this paper deals with the optimal policies for keeping cash in anticipation of future net expenses."
"This paper was accepted by Charles Corbett, operations management."
"We, of course, had selected workers likely to be interested in our problem."
"As usual, the server is busy as long as there are units in the main system."
"Convergence of the algorithm to a global minimum “within ϵ” in a finite number of iterations is demonstrated."
"A method is described for estimating and collecting the sample size needed to estimate the mean of a process (with a specified level of statistical precision) in a simulation experiment."
"Results provided strong support for the model and yield important theoretical and practical implications."
"Empirical models that do not account for this and regress performance measures on strategy choice variables are potentially misspecified and their conclusions incorrect."
"This effect is especially prominent when the matching needs to take place within a limited time."
"Drawing on extensive quantitative data on approximately 450,000 microfinance loans made by a microfinance institution in Mexico from 2004 to 2008 that include random assignment of loan officers, this research proposes the concept of ”relational styles” to help explain how repeated exchange is possible in the face of personnel change."
"Because the line balancing and sequencing procedures consider a wide variety of factors, they are applicable to many types of assembly lines."
"Implications of differences in the cost associated with each competitor's budget on equilibrium allocations are derived."
"We integrate a case-based model of probability judgment with prospect theory to explore asset pricing under uncertainty."
"Information repositories, such as traditional corporate libraries with slow turn-around time might be appropriate for basic researchers, but might just as well be nonexistent for many applied researchers."
"The experimental approach is to simulate the behavior of the planning approaches for a coordinated decentralized organization using decomposed mathematical programming models."
"In the present paper, we illustrate these information retrieval methods by developing and applying them to partially specified media audience exposure systems to retrieve certain critical total system information needed for media planning."
"The process of information analysis involves joint manager-analyst activities which are aimed at the explication of the implicit decision models which are used for decision making."
"Automated Teaching of Languages."
"The resulting increase in the search engine’s profits is not necessarily at the expense of the advertisers because the combined profits of the advertisers and the search engine increase."
"The insight for management: Information feedback to bidders may help sellers design better combinatorial auction environments."
"Our major finding is that rerouting traffic in a congested facility can significantly alleviate congestion delays and improve the efficiency of material movement."
"Substantial savings in an implementation are reported."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"If the pertinent normative remnant lies beyond the system boundaries, a value judgement can indeed be reduced to a factual statement, but merely within this system."
"The in-sample performances of this multipass seasonal adjustment filter (MSAF) are compared with the Census X-11 procedure, using real time series."
"In contrast, the lift on conversion|views rate is greater for hedonic products compared with utilitarian products."
"The need to understand these vital processes of decision-making has impelled us to lay emphasis upon the gathering and study of information, the evaluation of goals, and the role of the individual decision-maker."
"The results suggest that overconfident recent entrants in Internet and other low transaction-cost auctions of items that appeal to a mass audience may earn higher payoffs than their experienced competitors and, thus, will not eventually be driven from the market."
"As past disruptions in the credit markets suggest, prediction models for forecasting credit defaults are at the basis of sound risk-management practice and credit pricing."
"In particular, the M/M/1 queue has been thoroughly studied, due to its analytical tractability."
"Finally, these strategies work best when customers are most strategic in their buying."
"This paper estimates the heterogeneity in peer effects among research scientists in terms of network position."
"We calibrate our model using historical data to estimate patients’ wait times based on their kidney quality preferences, blood type, location, and rank in the waitlist."
"The utility function, as shown by Keeney, can be either multiplicative or additive."
"The major works, ideas, and results of the literature are surveyed in terms of this framework."
"has suggested that measuring the sacrifice a person is prepared to make to avoid regret may be more difficult than I suggest in Bell (Bell, D. E. 1983."
"When consumers encounter a bad experience, or a frustration, they may be tempted to stop using the service."
"An efficient algorithm is devised for the transformed problem, which leads to the solution in a finite number of applications."
"Our general and flexible methodology allows us to properly take account of strategic complementarities between the input factors and workplace reorganization."
"We propose sets of possible anticipations that are endogenously determined."
"We consider in this paper the problem of allocation by an investor of his funds between a set of risky assets and a single safe asset, under conditions in which the separation theorem holds."
"The results of the example suggest a different approach that offers potential improvements in accuracy and efficiency over the usual approach."
"Although this term has fallen into disuse, the emphasis upon quantitative bases for decision-making and control has increased as the management problem has become more complex."
"This is largely because its evaluation involves the joint distribution of inventory levels of different items and other intricate relations, which is computationally dreadful."
"The probabilistic behavior of good and defective in-process units in a multistage production process is explored, under the assumption of imperfect inspection."
"The paper considers a simple case when holding costs are linear, production costs on a facility consist of a setup cost and a constant marginal cost of production, and production and holding costs are stationary in time."
"This paper is a review and evaluation of a policy argument in a recent issue of Management Science."
"For example, an additional 10 days of competition from professional sports in 1987 would have resulted in a 4% decrease in both attendance and wagering."
"The distribution system simulator."
"Appl.49 (2, February) 430–468.]"
"We also show that traffic and ownership may increase as the ownership cost increases and that a revenue-maximizing platform might prefer a situation in which cars are driven with only a few seats occupied, causing high traffic."
"This paper was accepted by Brian Bushee, accounting"
"In the classic example of the “centipede game,” however, players frequently violate this principle."
"Highly rated, structured securities offered higher yield than other similarly rated bonds because of their concentration of systematic risk, but regulatory capital requirements did not account for this risk."
"Second, the authors find evidence that people demonstrate reciprocity; that is, contestants repay kindness with kindness or unkindness with unkindness."
"A review of the field indicates that considerably more research and analysis is required."
"23, No."
"1958."
"The product-mix effect is that, conditional on volume, consumers buy a more similar mix of products after recommendations."
"These goals may conflict, however, and firms must explicitly consider the tradeoff between them."
"If the same technology that eases consumer search also allows firms to monitor each other's prices more easily, then firms can more easily detect cheating on a collusive price arrangement, allowing an even greater scope for collusion."
"We demonstrate this in two case studies with real data: mortgage lending and personalized medicine dosing."
"Two separate field studies of chemists and physicists were made which were concerned with how scientists spend their time, especially the amount and kind of communication in which they engage."
"However, the magnitude of upstream rework does not directly affect project delay."
"Specifically, we consider a vendor realizing a sequence of random demands from a group of retailers located in a given geographical region."
"The oil market is modeled in terms of an elastic demand curve and two levels of supply which alternate according to a stationary, continuous time Markov process."
"While the results are encouraging, further research is necessary in a number of areas—e.g., better definition of key expectations, simpler tools for measuring expectations, proper timing of expectations measurement—before reliable instruments for measuring expectations in ongoing projects will be available."
"In this paper, we study the problem of designing a supply chain distribution network under demand uncertainty and analyze how the optimal design characteristics of proximity and agility depend on various input parameters."
"Management Sci.11 (4) B-69–B-87."
"As a result, regulated entities facing capital constraints had an incentive to invest in them."
"We further examine the subsidy strategy and show that, when the entrant’s product has a significant quality advantage and consumer uncertainty is high but not very high, the optimal strategy for the entrant is to acquire all consumers who do not buy from the incumbent by providing subsidies and to drop the low-valuation customers by means of a high price after their uncertainty is resolved."
"In this paper we develop a quality-based model for analyzing the strategic and policy issues concerning the development of products with conflicting traditional and environmental attributes."
"A procurement is made if at the review period the inventory position of the system is less than or equal to a number k. The quantity procured is an integral multiple of a number Q. The total expected cost of review, procurement, holding inventory, and stockouts is determined under the assumption that all demands are ultimately met."
"We present computational results which provide some insight into the characteristics of optimal safety time policies."
"Complementing the conventional understanding, we show that with the ability to encroach, the supplier may prefer to sell to either a better informed or an uninformed reseller in different scenarios."
"Management Sci.22 (2) 172–181)(2) “Computer and Visual Methods for Plant Layout—A Rejoinder” by Michael Scriabin and Roger C. Vergin, Faculty of Management Sciences, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada. ("
"They also highlight that policy makers should not conflate the dual objectives of oil dependence and emissions reductions as the preferred system, and the policy interventions that further that system may be different for the two objectives."
"This paper considers an alternative imbedding approach which allows the parameters to be determined to within an error range 1/K within K steps."
"This paper was accepted by Teck-Hua Ho, behavioral economics."
"Treasury futures exhibit similar, albeit less pronounced, price patterns."
"We use the popular television show Mad Money, hosted by Jim Cramer, to test theories of attention and limits to arbitrage."
"Thus, investors exhibit preferences consistent with decreasing relative risk aversion and habit formation."
"Furthermore, the better the reputation one has, the more attention one's idea gets, which helps give the idea more credibility and momentum, resulting in a virtuous cycle driven by author reputation."
"The main advantage of our procedure is that we can by-pass the tedious study of the start times and concentrate on the combinatorial structure of the production runs, which thus, theoretically cuts down the number of possible branchings in the enumeration."
"Our theory can explain why platforms will sometimes have no incentive to steer buyers one way or another, or may actually want to steer buyers toward established products and sellers."
"However, exploration-free greedy algorithms are desirable in practical settings where exploration may be costly or unethical (e.g., clinical trials)."
"Simple estimation examples are given which lead to illustrative applications with (dependent-) stochastic programming models."
"Furthermore, we find that prices are increasing in the percentage donated to charity."
"When the social planner also cares about utility, she faces a dilemma because performance optimization may not be aligned with utility maximization."
"These results are robust to controlling for differences in observable characteristics."
"95:195–214.],"
"A method of optimizing the amount of in-process inventory to carry in the circumstances of this study also is given."
"We find that requests from guests with African American–sounding names are 19.2 percentage points less likely to be accepted than those with white-sounding names."
"Providing transparency into operational processes can change consumer and worker behavior."
"A simulation analysis is conducted to determine the sensitivity of derived models to changes in the various input parameters."
"We analyze a system with multiple retailers and one outside supplier."
"In the baseline (integrated) model, the firm would consider those promotion and production decisions separately (jointly)."
"Using monotone recursive preferences, we prove that risk aversion unambiguously increases savings."
"As a result, firms may attempt to signal their superior quality by assuming more leverage."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"We find that the lift in gross margins was associated with an increase in quantity sold and a decrease in price per unit sold, and that the lift primarily came from low-shelf life product categories."
"It is currently being applied to the macro planning of an urban region (Melbourne), to industrial and building layouts, grouping of elements, and scheduling problems."
"This paper was accepted by Neng Wang, finance."
"A decline in IT cost also hurts the later entrant’s profit if the switching cost is high."
"Prior literature finds that long-lasting changes in firms' disclosure policies and information environment affect the cost of equity."
"Computation results using a decomposition programming method are given and discussed."
"We propose target date funds modified to exploit stock return predictability driven by the variance risk premium."
"We show that the roles of large and small firms differ in the United States and Europe, arguing that the greater heterogeneity of the U.S. system is based on much closer integration of basic science and clinical development."
"However, the first factor loads almost entirely on self-reported risk-preference measures, and this factor explains much of the variation."
"The model's application to capital budgeting is discussed in considerable detail."
"The problem to be solved is described and the mathematical model of the line is presented."
"Data and the web appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.3010.This paper was accepted by Han Bleichrodt, decision analysis."
"Our study reveals a counterintuitive result; the innovator may, under certain conditions, prefer to grant launch control rights or buyout options to the marketer despite the fact that both terms restrict its downstream actions."
"We investigate the efficacy of static control policies for revenue management problems whose optimal solution is inherently dynamic."
"We develop a global equilibrium asset pricing model assuming that investors suffer from foreign aversion, a preference for home assets based on familiarity."
"Book Reviews—Dreyfus, Stuart E. Dynamic programming and the calculus of variations."
"This, then, leads to welfare gains and even benefits that can accrue naturally to all supply chain partners including the supplier, whose actions are constrained by the uniform pricing regulation."
"We discuss applications to pricing of beach and ski resorts, lines of credit, utility computing, and government services."
"Our results from the supply-side analysis reveal that the actual promotion levels for both brands are indeed higher than the optimal budgets for the forward-looking (long-term orientation) as well as the two-year planning horizon scenarios."
"I also demonstrate that combinatorial complexity, a phenomenon that has attracted the recent attention of strategy theorists, and causal ambiguity are distinct barriers to imitation."
"We show that inventory durability is the key factor in determining the underlying nature of incentive distortions and their contractual resolutions."
"Some stimuli are more diagnostic between models than others, so the choice of stimuli is critical."
"The author suggests two ways in which investors might organize to overcome managerial errors in resource evaluation."
"Physical interpretations of model parameters and determination of implied mean flow rates suggest that the final model provides a sound basis for some public policy decisions that might focus on the dam."
"Despite considerable interest in this concept, we lack a thorough understanding of important aspects of contests; in particular, feedback from the contest holder to the solvers has received only limited attention."
"Many marketing activities take place within teams; these team activities often involve repeated interactions among team members over several projects."
"Clearly, what you search for is being used as information; advertisers use online customer data to target their marketing and increase its effectiveness."
"Computers were used only for high speed calculation."
"This paper seeks to introduce the concepts and methodology of systems analysis as applied to non-defense government operations."
"A process framework is denoted by Y = F(C) where Y is the set of outcomes or consequences of a process, C is the set of considerations or elements in the process, and F is the network linking the considerations to each other and to the outcomes."
"The portfolio selection procedure was successfully applied, and variations of it have been successfully used in four other solar energy procurements."
"This approach permits representation of the interrelationships between the behavior of individuals as entities, personnel policy decisions, the labor market, and a large number of individual and organizational outcomes."
"The loss in effectiveness was more pronounced for websites that had general content (such as news sites), where non-data-driven targeting is particularly hard to do."
"Empirical evidence is consistent with our hypothesis."
"We then explore some of the differences between the Farris-Buzzell analyses and ADVISOR that are important in understanding where and why the results differ."
"Second, we show that the probability weighting embedded in prospect theory leads to a plausible time inconsistency: at the moment he enters a casino, the agent plans to follow one particular gambling strategy; but after he starts playing, he wants to switch to a different strategy."
"For stores, the average estimated loss in sales is 1.8% and ranges between 0.1% and 3.7%.This paper was accepted by Victor Martínez-de-Albéniz, operations management."
"Decision rules involving the assignment of workers depended upon the number of waiting customers, the anticipated arrival pattern, and the amount of uncompleted fixed work remaining."
"In addition to these favorable perceptions of the risky fund, participants in the risk tool condition are more accurate on recall questions regarding the expected return and the probability of a loss."
"In this paper, we examine what properties an automated mass appraisal system should exhibit so as to meet efficacy, equity and public acceptability criteria."
"We report the results of an experiment in which a company, Firm Vary, temporarily suspended its sponsored search advertising campaign on Google in randomly selected advertising markets in the United States."
"An attempt is made to rank the various procedures."
"This paper provides empirical evidence that distinguishes between alternative conceptualizations of the risky decision making process."
"Advertisers join these markets with a prespecified budget and participate in multiple second-price auctions over the length of a campaign."
"The consequences are substantial."
"For single objective function problems, typically the objective is to minimize either a sum of transport costs proportional to network travel distances between existing facilities and closest new facilities, or a maximum of “losses” proportional to such travel distances, or the total number of new facilities to be located."
"Increased organizational penalties may prompt the firm to choose a narrower scope and deter the approval of profitable initiatives."
"A model is developed which attempts to describe the planner's average behavior."
"Classical results on European-style options arise as special cases."
"This paper introduces the formal study of process flexibility to the novel domain of sports analytics."
"The authors find that optimal restocking fees are more severe when consumers are less informed about product fit at the time of purchase."
"The experiments are then ordered according to their contribution to the ordered objectives."
"Our results, thus, highlight the importance of investing in systems and processes to foster trusting and trustworthy relationships in order to facilitate more effective cheap-talk interactions."
"This approach outperforms the best method of the M-Competition by a large margin when tested empirically with the 111 series subsample of the M-Competition data."
"Management Sci. ("
"Our model considers two distinct segments of consumers."
"Where the decision rule does not provide a unique solution, it is necessary to define two rates: the project investment rate and the project financing rate."
"Otherwise, a screening contract based on price and quantity is preferred."
"They find that both productive work effort and destructive sabotage are higher for higher wage spreads."
"This procedure is illustrated by identifying desirable characteristics of nuclear power plant site selection methodologies and evaluating the adequacy of methodologies that have been used to select nuclear power plant sites."
"Managers often employ market response models as decision aids and historical information of competitors' market outcomes to aid their competitive decisions in oligopolistic settings."
"We also discuss the incentive issues raised by this strategy."
"Step-down units (SDUs) were initially introduced in hospitals to provide an intermediate level of care for semicritically ill patients who are not sick enough to require intensive care but not stable enough to be treated in the general medical/surgical ward."
"Our findings also suggest that liquidity requirements could bolster monetary policy transmission through the bank lending channel."
"This paper was accepted by J. George Shanthikumar, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"Management Sci. ("
"Our econometric analysis shows that manufacturing facilities reduce their toxic releases into the environment when they have experienced drought conditions in the previous year."
"Using the difference-in-differences (DiD) design, we find that firms that are exempted from mandatory audits have less exports subsequent to the regulation change."
"We merge the better features of two extant but very different auction processes, the Simultaneous Multiple Round (SMR) design used by the FCC to auction the electromagnetic spectrum and the Adaptive User Selection Mechanism (AUSM) of Banks et al. ("
"Working capital is an important indicator of firm operational efficiency."
"Behavioral pricing and revenue management aim to incorporate realistic consumer behavior into firms’ pricing and inventory models."
"Levels of and shocks to order flow volatility are positively and significantly correlated with existing illiquidity proxies, and strongly predict stock returns in the cross section."
"Instead of reducing expenditures to boost earnings, soup manufacturers roughly double the frequency and change the mix of marketing promotions (price discounts, feature advertisements, and aisle displays) at the fiscal quarter-end when they have greater incentive to boost earnings."
"Rewarding customers with own products or services has become an increasingly popular practice across a spectrum of industries such as airlines, hotels, and telecommunication."
"First, we show when and how the seller should adjust its own marketing communication strategy in response to consumer reviews."
"Below, we list those reviewers who contributed four or more reviews in 2019."
"In this research we develop an estimable production frontier model of software maintenance, using a new methodology that allows the simultaneous estimation of both the production frontier and the effects of several productivity factors."
"Asystematic understanding of industry dynamics is critical to strategy research because individual firm performance dynamics both reflect and affect change at the industry level."
"Cloud computing providers must constantly hold many idle compute instances available (e.g., for maintenance or for users with long-term contracts)."
"Matching production with sales potential is essential for survival in volatile markets."
"We develop a new approach using nonunique terminal rewards to solve a dynamic programming model of the problem by introducing “converse” difference functions and present an algorithm that is both simple and efficient."
"In particular, we provide an upper bound on the expected total number of lost sales that is irrespective of how large the market size is."
"The approach put forth enables a complete solution to the problem discussed."
"We establish that an FMFE approximates well the rational behavior of advertisers in these markets."
"Furthermore, the scaled factor is decisive to account for the dispersion in average excess returns between past winner and past loser stocks."
"We discuss the potential mechanisms behind our results as well as their managerial implications."
"We account for both viewpoints."
"Further, estimates from the CPS indicate that entrepreneurs who had prior access to home computers create a large variety of types of businesses and not only those in the IT industry."
"We find that excluding the cost of unused capacity decreases product costs by approximately 6% and increases gross margins by around 26%."
"The answer depends, in part, on the extent to which the expansion of WOM is one of scale alone or whether it also fundamentally changes the structure of communications."
"in Boca Raton, 417–430.),"
"Conditions are given under which the optimal rationing policy between successive procurements of new stock is determined by a set of critical rationing levels such that at a given time one satisfies demand of a given class only if no demand of a more important class remains unsatisfied and as long as the stock level does not fall below the critical rationing level for that class at that time."
"The authors find that initial public offerings (IPOs) with high expected skewness experience significantly greater first-day returns."
"We find a positive association between target firm-specific information and acquisition efficiency that is driven mainly by diversifying acquisitions."
"For the second question, we propose a method to extrapolate how many unique ideas would result from an unbounded effort by an unlimited number of comparable idea generators."
"We study default in a multifirm equilibrium setting with incomplete information."
"The insight for management: A better understanding of individuals' decision making under uncertainty helps to reveal the psychology and outcomes of investment and other decisions."
"Chernyak."
"Although our work is motivated by healthcare, our models and insights can also be applied to general appointment-based services with walk-ins."
"failure"
"We link genetic diversity in the country of origin of the firms’ board members with corporate performance via board members’ nationality."
"We hypothesize that incentives to bring postgrant validity challenges are reduced when many firms benefit from revocation of a patent and when firms are caught up in patent thickets."
"We introduce a model in which individuals may share rides for a certain fee, paid by the rider(s) to the driver through a ride-sharing platform."
"The primary input into corporate credit ratings is adjusted financial statements, which the rating agencies create by modifying reported financial statements to reflect credit-relevant items not recognized under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles."
"Therefore, contrary to conventional advice, it can be profitable for a firm to retain unprofitable customers."
"The quality of organization planning affects the quality of decisions, the degree of human satisfaction, and the effectiveness of the organization."
"Numerous methods have been developed to measure these preferences hypothetically in surveys, but they have yielded inconsistent results."
"We also benchmark against a case where the OEM procures both inputs from a single integrated supplier (a dyadic supply chain)."
"Say a manager is investigating a location for a new retail outlet or distribution center, for example."
"The dual-system framework presented here distinguishes heuristic assessments of value and evidence strength from deliberative assessments that incorporate prior odds and likelihood ratios following Bayes' rule."
"Crow-fly distance between the depot and delivery points is usually used when considering the problem of locating a depot."
"The demand for lucky addresses is also weaker on these inauspicious days, suggesting that superstitious belief indeed affects the demand for lucky addresses."
"The effect of this interaction between risk aversion and forecast is that a highly risk-averse user may need a much bolder forecast to obtain the same certainty equivalent as a more risk-tolerant investor."
"We develop a new method to deal with the endogeneity problem of the choice set in estimating demand for network products."
"Decoys are more effective in shifting agreements from a very unequal contract to a less unequal one rather than the reverse."
"Specifically, a conservative accounting regime may increase the likelihood of projects being discontinued, inducing some firms to exit from the product market and leaving rivals to capture their market share."
"We find no significant differences in the rates of learning under the conditions of specialization and unrelated variation."
"We show that resolving this puzzle requires accounting for important features of bond return models such as volatility dynamics and unspanned macro factors."
"I exploit exogenous changes in local credit supply from shale discoveries to identify where and when local access to finance is economically important for firms."
"failure"
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2640.This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"In comparing long- and short-term commitments to fulfill demand for some kind of capacity, a linear formulation of the problem may prove useful."
"A nine element problem is used to illustrate the method in detail and comparisons with other procedures are made."
"The objective is to minimize the average production and inventory costs per unit time subject to constraints of no shortages and no interference among the products."
"We further find that large portfolio company payouts to private equity on average have no relation to future portfolio company distress, suggesting that debt investors are not suffering systematic wealth losses either."
"The price competition is modelled as a Nash equilibrium for which two complementary approaches are employed: an analytical approach of duopoly provides qualitative insights into the competitive behavior, and a numerical approach of general oligopoly provides quantitative solutions under a wide variety of market scenarios."
"We show that, conditional on their knowledge of the material, test takers who skip questions do significantly worse on our test."
"8, No."
"A general model is proposed and several special cases are discussed, corresponding to either polynomial or NP-complete problems."
"A modified model is provided to extend this analysis to the situation of non-competing outputs addressed by the bi-extremal model of Banker, Charnes, Cooper, and Schinnar (Banker R. D., A. Charnes, W. W. Cooper, A. Schinnar."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"The dramatic increase in the arrivals of potential detainees since 2003 suggests that approximately 50,000 beds are currently required, although the estimation of future arrival rates is very difficult due to uncertainties about the future direction of U.S. immigration policy."
"These results suggest that practitioners should account for cross-media effects when planning, executing, and evaluating both television and search advertising campaigns."
"This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"First, investments in coordination IT, which reduce search and coordination costs, are correlated with using more suppliers, while use of vendor-specific IT is associated with fewer suppliers."
"Optimal Decision Stimuli for Risky Choice Experiments: An Adaptive Approach (p. 358)Daniel R. Cavagnaro, Richard Gonzalez, Jay I. Myung, Mark A. PittHow are stimuli selected for discriminating among models of risky choice?"
"In particular, we show how to determine values for Gomory's parameter so that only a subset of the feasible solutions to the cuts used by Gomory's method of integer forms are feasible for the generalised cuts."
"GERT provides the capability to model and analyze networks of a very general form."
"The model can be used for a single product, or for several products that are temporarily combined for distribution, or for scheduling production in a system where several end products are produced from the same intermediate product, as in some biochemical manufacturing processes."
"The problem of maximizing the expected reward is shown to be equivalent to a generalized Markov decision problem where the (k × k) transition, matrices are non-negative but not necessarily substochastic."
"We show the effectiveness of the long-chain design in mitigating supply–demand mismatch under a simple myopic online allocation policy."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"The prior literature assumes that purchase decisions are independent from the waiting time."
"We use simulations on real networks to show that the proposed estimators and designs can substantially increase precision while yielding valid inference."
"Most of the recent studies of heuristic lot-sizing techniques for multi-stage material requirements planning systems have investigated the problem in the context of a single stage."
"Investors' stock selections and their perception of the risk of the same stocks were different in a series of decisions in which they lost money than in a series in which they made money."
"The study presents the Volvo units engaged in accident hazard management and their roles in the elaborate system of feedbacks (information, penalties and rewards) created by the company and society for maintaining a high level of automobile safety."
"This paper considers the consequences of errors in the cost function which underlies linear decision rules generally and in particular those developed by Holt, c.s.,"
"To capture the correlation between uncertain service times, we suggest using the mean absolute deviations as the descriptive statistics in the distributional uncertainty set to preserve the linearity of the model."
"An outcome of our investigation is a nonparametric approach in which the data automatically select the right choice model for revenue predictions."
"A model of a management information system is structured which is consistent with and supportive of researcher behavior and which includes technical planning, project selection, and manpower planning."
"The difference in rating agency adjustments before and after SFAS158 was primarily due to rating agency adjustments in the pre-SFAS158 period that did not account for minimum liability adjustments, an aspect of pension accounting eliminated by SFAS158."
"Expressions are given for the mean and variance and are used to make Tchebycheff-type probability statements which can accomodate and exploit stochastic dependence."
"Recommending larger tip amounts, at least within the $2–$10 or 5%–25% ranges studied here, appears to be a safe means of increasing the amounts customers leave."
"Biometrika44 (3) and 4 (3) 60–369 (December); Haight, Frank A. 1960."
"With the advent of internally-stored-program computers, automatic routines were designed."
"Principal component analysis (PCA) of customer background information followed by logistic regression analysis of response behavior is commonly used by database marketers."
"We develop a new technique to estimate vector autoregressions with a common factor error structure by quantile regression."
"The article by C. W. Churchman and A. H. Schainblatt seems to be definitely directed towards this aim."
"We study a large business game, played in groups of three, in which each group takes the role of a general manager."
"Hence, we show that there are plausible cases in which firms should be ex ante willing to tolerate some degree of deceptive advertising by low-quality competitors."
"As you know, the objectives of The Institute of Management Sciences are to identify, unify, and extend scientific knowledge that contributes to the understanding and improvement of management practice."
"The technique is illustrated first for a simple system with tandem queues, and then for more complex systems."
"The general problem can be solved using Benders’ decomposition."
"Interestingly, although one might expect the new recruit's role to diminish rapidly as her tacit knowledge diffuses across the new firm, the authors indicate that the recruit's importance is persistent over time."
"Omnichannel environments where customers shop online and offline at the same retailer are ubiquitous, and are deployed by online-first and traditional retailers alike."
"1971."
"We define tabu-search heuristics, as well as exact branch-and-bound algorithms for SCOPE and GENCAP."
"The algorithm is able to solve all classical test instances, with up to 10,000 variables, in less than 0.2 seconds on a HP9000-735/99 computer."
"The optimal structure of the pipeline is driven by the cost of the development approach, its probability of survival, and the expected profitability."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"We also show that, while EDI reduces the transaction costs of the buyer, the upstream market tends to become more concentrated as a result of increased cost differentials."
"In alliance portfolios, we show that not all substitutability between alliance portfolio partners is bad."
"To clarify the impact of demand variability on single item stochastic inventory systems with setup costs, we subsume the distributional information of the lead time demand into its mean and variance and solve the resulting problem against the worst possible distribution in this class."
"Two linear programming models are presented for determining the amount of wastewater treatment required to achieve at minimum cost any particular set of stream dissolved oxygen standards within a river basin."
"We assume that each viewer is interested in a limited set of topics and that her utility only comes from the “most interesting” news she observes."
"This paper was accepted by Yan Chen, decision analysis."
"Moreover, we find that the frequently recommended brainstorming technique of building on others' ideas is counterproductive; teams exhibiting such buildup neither create more ideas, nor are the ideas that build on previous ideas better."
"We address these issues with a detailed consumer flow model which monitors and projects key consumer transitions in response to marketing actions."
"It is guided by previous theoretical and empirical research in perceived risk, and focuses on the joint effects on risk of loss probability and the distribution of losses."
"An example shows how this characterization can be used to find a solution to a problem where interdependence of lead times is critical."
"Adding new team members increases product enhancements at a faster pace than more intense use of process technology but adds repairs at almost the same rate as enhancements."
"We examine, both theoretically and empirically, top-management compensation in the presence of agency conflicts when shareholders have delegated governance responsibilities to a self-interested Board of Directors (BOD)."
"We look at n agents selling substitutable products competing in a market."
"We discuss solution procedures to the problem and address three special cases of practical interest."
"A few properties of these matrices are discussed and then applied to achieve a possible reduction in the dimensionality of the resource allocation models."
"In the first stage, the leader chooses and announces his production level taking into account the reaction of the followers."
"Using U.S. residential electricity usage from 1955 to 2012, our model based on household production explains the equity premium and the cross section of expected stock returns (including those of industry portfolios) with an R2 of 71%.This paper was accepted by Jerome Detemple, finance."
"Second, we consider the case where capacity is finite and the firm processes jobs in first-come-first-served (FCFS) order."
"An outline of the tire production process is given."
"Management Sci.24 (3, November) 345–357.)"
"Affirmative Action in Light of Gender Differences in Competitiveness (p. 1)Muriel Niederle, Carmit Segal, Lise VesterlundDo two wrongs make a right?"
"Since there is limited technology available in this area, the best way to proceed is to select planners with radical and unreasonable minds, if you can find them."
"However, the specific cross-country contagion mechanism is different across the two standards."
"Some of the features included in GERT networking are probabilistic branching (stochastic models), network looping (feedback loops), multiple sink nodes (multiple outcomes), multiple node realizations (repeat events), and multiple probability distributions (assigned to activity times)."
"In such settings firms need to determine (i) the prices charged to all customer classes; (ii) the waiting time standards, i.e., expected steady state waiting time promised to all classes; (iii) the capacity level; and (iv) a priority discipline enabling the firm to meet the promised waiting time standards under the chosen capacity level, all in an integrated planning model that accounts for the impact of the strategic choices of all competing firms."
"In this paper the relationships between the optimum policies under three alternative cost criteria are considered."
"In particular, the study examines two problems: first, credit extension policy on a specific request or account; and second, construction of indices measuring the effectiveness of such a policy."
"The duration of a vacation is a random variable with a known distribution function."
"We model an optimal and a heuristic rearrangement of workers and suggest a modified heuristic that performs well for increasing throughput."
"Using both real and hypothetical events, we provide empirical evidence in support of the main implications of the AER model."
"Empirical results are presented to show that trend-damping improves ex ante forecast accuracy in seasonal data, especially at long leadtimes."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"When firms recruit inventors, they acquire not only the use of their skills but also enhanced access to their stock of ideas."
"Bias in White: A Longitudinal Natural Experiment Measuring Changes in Discrimination (p. 660)Brian Rubineau, Yoon KangAre differences in patient care driven by discrimination?"
"Two lower bounds are developed for the algorithm; one is efficient for small problems while the other is more efficient for larger problems."
"Products combine function and form."
"To achieve this goal, we use a unique data set from a commercial bank in China that contains 1,441 operational risk events over 16 months."
"Although near-optimal algorithms have been proposed for this problem, practical concerns regarding scalability, compatibility with distributed implementation, and expensive oracle queries persist in large-scale applications."
"We also show that competition drives the provision of services with a low level of consumer information disclosure (high level of privacy), but higher competition intensity in the marketplace need not improve privacy when consumers exhibit low willingness to pay."
"failure"
"We show that a suppliers’ adoption of EDI can generate positive externalities for the buyer and negative (or competitive) externalities for other suppliers."
"Because the first-order features are likely to have a more pronounced effect on the outcome, focusing on learning first-order weights first is likely to improve performance and convergence time."
"Specifically, we consider the optimal allocation of programs and data to various storage devices in order to minimize the expected operational costs, subject to capacity and timing constraints."
"Such systems represent a major investment, and their performance has major effects on profitability, utilization and user satisfaction."
"The findings suggest that contracting complementarity may be particularly important when coordination is important to achieve but difficult to monitor."
"Specifically, these firms are more likely to: (1) exclude nonrecurring items, (2) exclude less persistent earnings components, and (3) provide less aggressive non-GAAP EPS."
"1965."
"We use two sets of naturally occurring data to show that both the gambler’s fallacy and the hot-hand fallacy can exist in different types of lottery games."
"K. J. Arrow, S. Karlin, W. L. Smith, eds."
"We develop a theoretical framework that explicitly incorporates the BOD as a strategic player, models the negotiation process between the CEO and the BOD in designing CEO compensation, and considers the impact of potential takeovers by large shareholders monitoring the CEO-BOD negotiations."
"I first examine the properties of the network using descriptive and regression analysis; then I develop a model of network formation for counterfactual analysis."
"The equations used in the examples were formulated with the aid of a spiral diagram which represents the result of preliminary scheduling in so far as it assigns each bus to a definite route and indicates how the various branches are geared together."
"We find that the mix of moves exercised in technical support strongly depends on the formulation of tasks by those requesting support."
"1981."
"With detailed customer-level data from a large telecom operator, together with data on prices and contracts offered by competitors, we document that the notification causes an increase in customer attention, which triggers search, plan switching, and churn."
"We first describe two common mechanisms of data anonymization and two prevalent types of statistical evidence for disparity."
"The Herstein–Milnor independence axiom is a necessary condition for recursion analysis of decisions in extensive (=tree) form."
"The purpose of this paper is to explore these control variables for organizational design."
"Existing adjustment techniques for forecasting systematic risk of individual firms have been based on relatively uniformative prior knowledge about the cross-sectional distribution of risk estimates."
"In this study, we propose a hierarchical empirical Bayes approach that addresses both challenges and that can generalize to any Bayesian framework."
"Rather, when competition among resource investors passes a certain threshold intensity, miscoordination among investors increases to the point that sellers' expected profits decline."
"In this paper we formulate and efficiently solve staff scheduling problems for large organizations that provide continuous services to customers."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"This paper considers the allocation of national technological resources to different sectors of the economy."
"In contrast, when they are substitutes, an increase in one is associated with a decrease in the other."
"As such, it is an easy, quick and cheap method; very little information is needed for a forecast; also, the most recent information is used."
"However, in many applications forecast error costs accumulate over time, and the forecasts themselves may be updated with information that is collected as the expected time of the event approaches."
"As a result, a late entrant could benefit from the information spillover generated by an early entrant."
"Novel workweek arrangements have gained acceptance in many seven-days-a-week operations, such as hospitals and data processing centers."
"The author makes two basic assumptions in approaching this objective."
"Gender quotas are frequently proposed to address persistent gender imbalances in managerial roles."
"Our motivation for this generalization arises from our experience with an actual system of this type used by a major national producer and distributor of consumer products."
"Projects benefit more from overlap if they are able to resolve uncertainty early."
"The following type of problem has arisen in various contexts in applications of management science: to determine a program of future levels of activity (e.g., production or employment) subject to known future requirements, which will minimize the total cost of the projected program over the entire planning interval of time."
"We start with a single-firm production control model in which customers are characterized by their preferences of price, quality and delivery time."
"Considerable attention in recent years has been devoted to the problem of meeting known demands or requirements over some finite number of planning periods at minimum cost."
"Previous mathematical programming formulations of menu planning problems have either required the variables representing menu items to be bivalent, or have formulated the problem with food groups as decision variables and no integer requirements at all."
"Improvements are suggested although the overall quality of the accident hazard management process is considered quite good."
"It is, however, well known that classical ratio-scaling approaches have several problems."
"mean abnormal returns ranged from a low of 1.31% to a high of 1.65%)."
"Particularly, although our solution is shown to be asymptotically optimal for large systems, we numerically demonstrate that it performs well also for relatively small systems."
"Arguments for such policies vary, but they typically assume that benefits of subsidization must be large enough to outweigh a presumed economic cost of the subsidy."
"Building further on this a dual theorem is developed for arbitrary convex programs with convex constraints which subsumes in principle all characterizations of optimality or duality in convex programming."
"Each of the five configurations relies on one of the five coordinating mechanism and tends to favor one of the five parts."
"$24.95;—Aronofsky, Julius S. (ed.),"
"We find that underinvestment is less prevalent in countries where there is a weaker time disassociation in the language."
"What is the most credible way to convey the risk in expert forecasts to the nonexpert decision makers who use the forecast?"
"failure"
"Harvard Business School, Boston.]."
"It is not a short cut to answers but it is a shorter, clearer way to present what the answers are at any one time."
"Models and understanding of line design depend on accurate assessments of the effects of design parameters on human actions."
"By C. W. Churchman."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, finance."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"However, the Nash property of statistical independence between players is weakened, and the probability distributions characterizing a solution of the game admit novel interpretations."
"For fast storage (a storage facility that can both be fully emptied and filled up in one decision period), we show analytically that negative prices can substantially alter the optimal storage policy structure, e.g., all else being equal, it can be optimal to empty an almost empty storage facility and fill up an almost full one."
"This is a consequence of the interplay between the capacity and space limits of the storage asset and brings to light the nontrivial nature of the interface between trading and operations."
"Our model yields a semiseparating and semipooling equilibrium contingent on the initial inventory level: When the demand is lower than a threshold that depends on and is below the initial inventory level, the manager pads sales by a part of the excess inventory and releases the inflated sales report."
"We conduct a laboratory experiment in which participants can make donations to real charities."
"This paper reviews the significant progress in “agency theory” (i.e., the economic theory of incentives) during the 1990s, with an eye toward applications to supply transactions."
"Second, a finite scheduling procedure (called SFT) consistently gives better due date estimates than simpler aggregate procedures."
"Because unobserved patient health status may influence both the length of a home health visit and the likelihood of hospital readmission, we use the within-provider average visit length of all other episodes’ visits conducted by each provider in the 30-day period before and after the focal visit as an instrument for visit length."
"Policies nearly optimal for small discount rates (more precisely, (g, w)—optimal policies) are found for completely ergodic Markov Renewal Programs by linear programming."
"Search Engine Advertising: Channel Substitution When Pricing Ads to Context (p. 458)Avi Goldfarb, Catherine TuckerAre online and traditional advertising substitutes?"
"The purpose of this study is to document the intellectual development of the ideas represented by published research in Management Information Systems (MIS) based on an author co-citation analysis."
"For example, Claude Monet's Dans la Prairie sold for 11.2 million British pounds in 2009 after being sold for 14.3 million in 1988 and 15.4 million in 1999."
"Future improvements will probably be possible only from higher level abstractions which take advantage of structure in the model matrix or which produce more efficient forms of the inverse of a sparse matrix."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"We would like first to stress that we have not “claimed” wide applicability for this method except for the results that we have given."
"European institutes develop local connections to small firms working on similar scientific problems, while cross-national linkages of European regional clusters typically involve large pharmaceutical corporations."
"We believe the reason is that the Schumpeterian hypothesis is too general and vague."
"But affirmative action could have a similar corrective impact when qualified individuals fail to apply for a job."
"Research in organizational learning has demonstrated processes and occasionally performance implications of acquisition of declarative (know-what) and procedural (know-how) knowledge."
"to formulate the problem and obtain a solution."
"This procedure is so simple that it can be also implemented via pencil and paper."
"The paper concludes with suggestions for future work."
"We develop a model to analyze how board governance affects firms’ financial reporting choices and managers’ incentives to manipulate accounting reports."
"This information can be useful in the process of constructing a unified theory of management science."
"Several investigators have suggested the desirability of obtaining such a line by minimizing the sum of the absolute deviations rather than the sum of the squared deviations around the line."
"Calibration committees tend to downward (upward) adjust ratings of supervisors who give higher (lower) than average initial ratings."
"Traditional intelligence tests such as the Thorndike or Ohio have not adequately shouldered the burden of proof to justify their use in executive selection, whatever the organization size."
"These models perform similarly, achieving overall prediction accuracies of about 58%, but do not surpass the simple strategy of picking the seeds when the goal is to pick as many game winners as possible."
"Postgrant validity challenges at patent offices rely on the private initiative of third parties to correct mistakes made by patent offices."
"This leads to increased outdates."
"B-328–B-343."
"In addition, this significant performance improvement can be achieved by adding even a little bit of flexibility to the process by allowing employees to either switch their business lines in the same branch or switch branches within the same business lines on a quarterly basis."
"We examine pricing policy for a monopolist facing uncertain demand in a market characterized by dynamics on the demand side (such as diffusion or saturation effects) and/or on the cost side (experience curve effects)."
"A growing number of case studies, describing the increasing number of applications of statistical sampling methods to accounting problems, have appeared in accounting literature."
"We estimate a lower bound on agency costs associated with direct wealth transfers to be in the range of $.018 per dollar."
"Overall, we show that simple tests of dishonesty in the lab can predict moral firmness in life, although fraudsters who care about social image cheat less when behavior can be verified ex post by the experimenter."
"On the other hand, this work also provides an application of mathematical methods to questions of organizing production which merits the serious attention of workers in different branches of industry."
"As the ability to coordinate is not always possible, it is shown that, as the program progresses, the level of coordination decreases."
"Management Sci.6(2); Moore, E. F. The shortest path through a maze."
"However, we do find that the best focused airline learns faster than the best full-service airline."
"An axiomatic approach to expert resolution."
"The economics and management literature provides theoretical support for both leader and laggard firms to earn higher future operating returns."
"We find that in theory such hybrid mechanisms increase competition and make buyers better off as long as suppliers are willing to accept noncompetitive contracts."
"Howard S. Levin."
"Risk analysis and policy analysis can play important roles in facilitating the siting of potentially hazardous facilities if one recognizes the descriptive features of the decision process."
"In multi-attribute models in marketing, a consumer's preference for a brand in a product class is expressed as a weighted sum of the brand's attribute values."
"A company that joins an alliance agrees to share its suppliers with others, which may lead to more intense competition among the increased number of suppliers, and it may further benefit an alliance member at the expense of companies left outside the alliance."
"We estimate the average “abnormal” change in the market value for a sample of 101 firms around the date when information about delaying the introduction of new products is publicly announced."
"Using data on 29 completed development projects we show that in this industry, constructs that support a more flexible development process are associated with better-performing projects."
"Considerable savings in computational requirements are achieved by consolidating all phases preceding a junction node prior to the invocation of the dynamic programming procedure."
"The findings from the few field studies are equivocal and conflicting which we ascribe to failure to account for the major assumptions underlying the theoretical predictions."
"So then information should remedy bubbles, but these authors suggest that just the opposite can be true."
"OMEGA, Internal."
"We find that the ratio of ownership to usage costs determines how ride sharing is organized."
"Publishing houses, Savings & Loans and other business firms make frequent long-term investment decisions, and in sequence."
"The importance of federal income taxes in insurance company decision making is recognized, and a method is suggested for including taxes in the model."
"One story is the rational, a story of a man's struggles, frustrations and joys in seeking his life's goals."
"This paper describes a simulation study of assigning attainable or predictable due-dates in hypothetical labor and machine constrained job shop settings of varying size and structure."
"Computational testing is done on problems with up to 21 components (over one million potential product bundles), and data collection issues are addressed."
"and Iliev [Iliev P (2010) The effect of SOX Section 404: Costs, earnings quality, and stock prices."
"In this paper, we discuss the effects of changes in investable wealth on investment behavior when portfolio choices are subject to a chance constraint."
"In a recent article in this journal, King, Kilmann and Sochats [King, W. R., Kilmann, R. H., Sochats, K. 1978."
"We find that the sale of production facilities to a CM improves profitability for the industry as a whole if and only if OEMs are subsequently in a strong bargaining position vis-à-vis the CM."
"1998) as exhibit behavior consistent with Rabin (2002), and (iii) no individuals earn superior returns from momentum trading."
"With respect to the second question, two topics are treated: the Soviet incentive scheme, and resource allocation."
"More specificly, the author suggests the use of “contingency planning” as developed in the realm of military systems analysis, to supplement the use of standard sample survey theory."
"The Linear Programming Problem is by far the most widely used optimization model."
"The objective is to minimize the sum of inventory holding costs and job tardiness costs given a customer specified due-date."
"The utility of various techniques is reviewed, and application of a Game Theory approach is discussed in detail."
"Social logins, such as “Log in with Facebook,” improve a website’s user experience and therefore enjoy great popularity among content providers (CPs) and users alike."
"In our model of the hold-up problem in capital budgeting, there are both costs and benefits to having managerial slack."
"Res.9(2) 169–184; Carroll, C. W. 1959."
"These methods are based on a wide range of inventory models—from elementary deterministic models to sophisticated probabilistic models with time-varying parameters."
"In this note we show that the procedure used by Kornbluth and Steuer in this method for computing the numbers needed to find these break points may sometimes fail."
"We use a large-scale clinical trial database to construct a Bayesian prior and simulate our design on a subset of clinical trials."
"We propose a simple and practical pricing rule for new products where demand information is limited."
"Report LBS-TNT-68, London Graduate School of Business Studies, Transport Network Theory Unit, June 10.],"
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2867.This paper was accepted by Neng Wang, finance."
"Some versions of the letter contained numeric information while other versions contained nonnumeric information."
"I emphasize six recent models, in three pairs: (1) new foundations for the theory of incentive contracts, (2) new directions in incentive theory, and (3) new applications to supply transactions."
"Even when the linearity assumptions of these models is unquestioned, the effects of the randomness in the functions is of concern."
"The resulting procedures are more effective in numerical experiments than any previously proposed procedure of which we are aware and are easily implemented."
"This paper was accepted by Peter Wakker, decision analysis."
"This two-stage view clarifies the role of different product and market characteristics in the models."
"Our analysis indicates how this sensitivity is related to (a) the form of the true lag structure, (b) the demand function, (c) the cost function, and (d) the firm's discount rate."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"The asymptotics are then used to construct computationally efficient approximations for a large pool."
"Specifically, price is treated as a ratio estimate."
"In addition, the simulation techniques developed in the course of the research provide a means for continued “head-on” attacks on a crucial problem of the present day—that of better understanding the adaptation process in organizations, so that it can be used and controlled."
"The concavity of the psychological distance function explains the common ratio and common difference effects."
"To investigate this possibility, we set up a continuous time version of the first-order difference equation model of cocaine use introduced by Everingham and Rydell (1994), extended to make initiation an endogenous function of prevalence."
"Component sharing—using the same version of a component across multiple products—is increasingly viewed by companies as a way to offer high variety in the marketplace while retaining low variety in their operations."
"This paper takes steps toward meeting that need by critically reviewing the literature and establishing a research agenda for the area."
"In our model, the firm’s design choice determines the product’s ex ante expected quality, and designs associated with (stochastically) higher quality incur higher costs of production."
"A prototype timetabling environment is described followed by some experimental results."
"A new algorithm for optimally balancing assembly lines is formulated and tested."
"We argue that this distinction is driven by differences in the information-processing activities associated with each function and apply this insight to refine and extend existing theories of centralization."
"The optimum number of levels for minimising cost is derived, and its sentivity to request load is investigated."
"We study assortment optimization under the Markov chain choice model in the presence of capacity constraints that arise naturally in many applications."
"Would the presence of imprecise information lower your confidence in the treatment, or would you ignore the unknown data?"
"J. Finance 57:2113–2141]."
"In models of decision making under uncertainty we often are faced with the problem of representing the uncertainties in a form suitable for quantitative models."
"This paper tests whether the choice of presentation form affects the use of such information by decision makers."
"The results have been used to provide decision-makers with means to evaluate facility use."
"Two notable areas are multiattribute utility models (LINMAP) and production frontiers (data envelopment analysis (DEA))."
"The author studies the effects of employee experience at a start-up on earnings across an individual's career in the context of California's semiconductor industry."
"The model continues to be updated and evaluated annually."
"Although decision analysts are quite comfortable with this approach, there has been relatively little consideration of how these discrete approximations affect the results of the analysis."
"Three experimental studies are conducted."
"This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"In Study 2, we replicate our findings by using economic forecasts from the European Central Bank and show how the method can be used to identify smaller crowds of the top positive contributors."
"Capital budgeting frequently involves multiple stages at which firms can continue or abandon ongoing projects."
"Furthermore, we caution that investing in quality without also enhancing testing capabilities may inadvertently increase EMA risk."
"While it produced reasonable estimates of the mean returns vector, there were superior methods, e.g., overall mean, for estimating the covariance matrix when short sales were permitted."
"failure"
"These variables are in turn moderated by the group's perceived sense of urgency, the task orientation of the project manager, the extent to which disagreements are openly discussed, and the length of time the group remains together."
"The model is described by states with the Markovian property and solutions may be derived for moderately sized numbers of operatives."
"Rank-order relative-performance evaluation, in which pay, promotion, symbolic awards, and educational achievement depend on the rank of individuals in the distribution of performance, is ubiquitous."
"We examine several properties of our model, such as the nontrivial patterns of desirability (willingness to pay) for an additional unit of consumption, or the effect of abstaining from consumption (craving)."
"In some cases there is a market for “efficiency units” used to improve technology."
"This property allows multiple producers to flourish in equilibrium (versus just one with the most favorable technological or cost structure), and more so when the market expands less quickly with total output."
"It is a progress report on applications of linear programming by a number of oil companies."
"To address this unsatisfactory state of knowledge, we provide and empirically test a contingency perspective on the performance implications of outsourcing CRM processes."
"Shouldn't the soft-drink companies be selling cheap nutrients to foreign countries?"
"This paper presents a dynamic investment game in which firms that are initially identical develop assets that are specialized to different market segments."
"Our approach to modeling the productivity of computer systems is based on conventional economic theory and empirical analysis."
"We also discuss the results of simulation tests of the heuristic against other scheduling policies."
"What process, in other words, should organizers of status-based contests impose upon those who covet peer recognition?"
"Costs considered are fixed ordering costs and proportional costs of purchase, storage and shortage."
"Under both an existing cost model, and a new cost model proposed in this paper, the computation of such policies is difficult."
"Homewood, Ill.: Richard D. Irwin, Inc., 1967, 792 pp.,"
"Then we show that there exists an optimal “threshold” operating policy that can be described as follows: upon completion of a batch of regular jobs, switch over to process the reworks only if the number of reworks exceeds a critical value."
"Sponsorship programs have been proposed as one way to promote female advancement in competitive career fields."
"We vary whether the experimenter provides matching funds for any such donations, and whether there is individual or team competition for these matching funds."
"to derive some results which he believes lead to a dilemma in which EPVI, the Expected Value of Perfect Information, is less than EVSI, the Expected Value of Sample Information."
"This study explores IRI observed both within and across product categories and retail stores."
"After we enforce covariate balance and common support for treated and control firms, the instruments in all three papers are unusable—they are no longer significant in the first stage."
"In this paper, we define equivalent information—that is, different kinds of information—that produces the same solution when used in their corresponding interactive schemes."
"1964."
"Interestingly, the increase in ER visits is only present for the non-emergent category, indicating differentiated service to emergent and non-emergent care requests; capacity-constrained providers still tend to the patients in most need."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., London: Methuen, 1956."
"Very few direct choice (interactive) multiobjective methods are capable of addressing problems with probabilistic outcomes."
"This insight leads to powerful methods-for retrieving the needed information about the behavior and characteristics of the total system from the information contained in the partial information data."
"It also suggests that the failure to match strategy and environment hurts financial performance."
"Selecting error levels has been made difficult by a failure to distinguish between decision and inferential problems."
"This is an informative paper about the position and situation of R & D (applied) in Eastern and Western Europe."
"We define and use the “window-constrained packing” problem to model the bare bones of the EOS scheduling problem."
"We evaluate this relation within the context of Regulation Fair Disclosure (Reg FD), which prohibited the use of selective disclosure."
"Computational experience is reported for one of the algorithms."
"The user need not fully specify the joint distribution function; instead, the user “partially specifies” only the marginal distributions and the correlation matrix."
"When firms disclose non-GAAP EPS in both documents, we find that non-GAAP EPS is more useful for assessing firm value."
"Whether stronger governance improves retain/replace decisions depends on which of these effects dominates."
"We adopt a bargaining framework to capture such an assortment selection process."
"A regular user might have profile information that helps him use the site more efficiently; for example, weather.com might have the zip codes he has previously queried, or Expedia might retain the last destination he wanted to fly to."
"Sellers set two-part prices that trade off between insuring buyers against the uncertainty and the ex post deadweight loss from inefficient usage."
"The Treasury Board requested the Department to reconsider the project, and as a result, a benefit-cost analysis was undertaken."
"When retailers have different costs, it also determines the extent of competitive advantage enjoyed by the lower-cost retailer."
"Interviews with designers and users of LANs revealed that a primary problem in the acquisition of a LAN is making technology choices in a cost effective manner when the available technologies and their costs are constantly changing."
"Finally, we extend our model to allow for age-dependent perishability and demand censoring and modify our policies to address these issues."
"Over the past decade, the roles of Management Science and Operations Research in Advertising have grown, under the salient influence of computer methodology, from a modest experimental project state to a full scale systems state."
"We analytically derive some structural and convergence properties of the MBR dynamics in the simplest nontrivial market environment, which suggests further possible design improvements, and investigate bidding dynamics and incentive compatibility issues via numerical simulations."
"—Editorial by Martin Kenneth Starr, Columbia University—Letter to the Editor—Free-for-All by Richard M. Greene, Jr., Glendora, California—Letter to the Editor—Free-for-All by Myron Uretsky, Assistant Professor of Accountancy, University of Illinois, Urbana, Illinois—Letter to the Editor—Free-for-All by Arnold D. Moskowitz, Defense Industrial Supply Center, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania"
"To this end, we impose a simple agency relationship between two groups of subjects termed managers and workers."
"A quadratic model for production-inventory planning was made famous by Holt, Modigliani, Muth, and Simon in 1960 in (Holt, C. C., F. Modigliani, J. F. Muth, H. A. Simon."
"We show that if product improvements are additive (over stages), it is optimal to allocate maximal time to the most productive development stage."
"In a simulation exercise, we find that our approach is correctly sized and more powerful than alternative statistics."
"Performance of members in such groups has yet to be studied longitudinally."
"Management Sci.7 265.]"
"New York: Basic Books Inc., 1970, 224 pp.,"
"Given the probability distribution of the forecast error, we first find the optimal strategy for a decision process, i.e., how to make the most efficient use of a forecast."
"An accrual-based factor-mimicking portfolio has a Sharpe ratio of 0.16, higher than that of the market factor or the SMB and HML factors of Fama and French."
"We characterize when the acquirer prefers cash offers and when equity offers are best."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2641.This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"Additional analysis shows that, after the ruling, near-insolvent Delaware firms are less likely to dismiss their auditors following the receipt of a GC report."
"Management Sci.6 (4, July) 363–365.]"
"General computational experience regarding the operation of the equivalent vector-maximum problem is reported."
"Again we show that the opposite can hold."
"Data and the electronic appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2835.This paper was accepted by Lauren Cohen, finance."
"However, these occur only at the firm level."
"The results are useful in the solution and analysis of a number of financial optimization problems."
"We then use an online experiment to compare our approach to a standard one used in the literature that requires comparable task completion time."
"Interscience Publishers, Inc., 250 Fifth Ave.,"
"While considerable research has been devoted to the effect of practice on performance, little is known about optimal practice strategies."
"A comprehensive data set of Finnish males’ fund holdings supports both stories: consistent with the first story, high-IQ investors tend to avoid funds sold via expensive service-intensive channels and prefer a mix of equity and bond funds to expensive readily packaged balanced funds."
"The service provider receives an uncertain call volume over multiple periods and is considering outsourcing all or part of these calls to a contractor."
"The insight for management: When it comes to endowments, people are subject to “unit dependence”; the definition of a unit can be a chocolate or a box, but a pronounced endowment effect may emerge for singletons but not multiples."
"The empirical analysis focuses on the auto finance market in the United States, using a large data set of 35 million auto loans."
"We show that some new product development metrics employed in practice, such as minimizing break-even time, can be sub-optimal if firms are striving to maximize profits."
"Japanese investors, however, can gain relatively little."
"Ideas are connected."
"In the presence of forgetfulness, more cooperation results if members do not forgive and forget and suffer unexpected revenge."
"Designing scientific journals: issues and survey results."
"This paper was accepted by Assaf Zeevi, stochastic models and simulation."
"Also the general approach of approximating decision criteria with quadratic functions and obtaining linear decision rules can usefully be extended to many decision problems."
"Analyzing Screening Policies for Childhood Obesity (p. 782)Yan Yang, Jeremy D. Goldhaber-Fiebert, Lawrence M. WeinWhat can be done about obesity?"
"This paper shows that this conjecture is false."
"First, can random coefficients choice models correctly identify markets characterized by preference and response heterogeneity, state dependence, the use of alternative decision heuristics that result in reduced choice sets, and combinations of these effects?"
"We show that this model can be systematically approximated by a single-location inventory problem."
"Theoretical perspectives are organized in a four-fold typology based on the dominating assumptions of the research effort: (1) the focus on a universally appropriate set of leadership traits, (2) the focus on a universally appropriate behavioral style, (3) the focus on situationally contingent leadership traits, and (4) the focus on situationally contingent behavioral styles."
"In the second application, we use the algorithm to compute the exact optimal solution to the renewable electricity management problem, for which previously only an approximate solution was known."
"Certainly the business manager of today can look back proudly on a job well done."
"On the basis of literature on behavioral decision making, we suggest a third factor, namely the awareness of being the creator of the product design."
"We model a duopoly facing consumers who have heterogeneous tastes for the products and who must experience a product before knowing how well it matches with their preferences."
"Contrary to conventional wisdom, we demonstrate that a decision using the halo has lower estimation risk compared to not using the halo heuristic."
"The value of a purposeful state to an individual is defined as a function of the amount of information, the amount of instruction, and the amount of motivation in the state."
"In comparison to the case where there is no social learning, we show that (i) when the uncertainty is relatively low, the firm opts for a product of inferior design accompanied by a lower price, while (ii) when the uncertainty is high, the firm chooses a product of superior design accompanied by a higher price; interestingly, we find that the product’s expected quality decreases either in the absolute sense (in the former case), or relative to the product’s price (in the latter case)."
"The same conditions can be used as necessary conditions for coefficient changes to alter an optimal solution."
"One way to approach this problem is with techniques recently developed for handling time series with small stochastic mean shifts as well as random error."
"Thus, recent suggestions of more active government regulation in the area of intellectual property may be unwarranted."
"This paper treats the aggregate planning problem for a single product with random demand and random capacity."
"The crucial technical refinements of data definition and measurement precision can then be undertaken in the context of a knowledge of the eventual usage of the indicators being developed."
"The mathematical techniques of Markov processes and dynamic programming are used in this paper to develop an analytic framework which will select optimal product strategies for a firm that are consistent with its capabilities, that will meet its competitive situations, and that will maximize expected returns in the long run."
"We extend our results to other related bandit problems, namely the multiarmed bandit, generalized linear bandit, and combinatorial semibandit settings, which model a variety of operations research applications."
"A general solution is derived for a game in which the payoff function for each proposal exhibits a diminishing return."
"The robust finding was that the more detailed parts of the value tree were weighted significantly higher than the less detailed ones."
"Attorneys also add self-citations; our analysis indicates that self-citations are an indicator of follow-on invention."
"Our methods are easy to implement and experiments suggest that they converge quickly."
"The computational effort involved in the procedure is bounded by a polynomial in the number of constraints and variables."
"$14.50;—Sielaff, Theodore J. and P. S. Wang, Practical Problems in Business and Economic Statistics."
"We consider three basic questions: (1) What are the key drivers and trade-offs of component-sharing decisions? ("
"Strict capital requirements and well-designed government-asset purchase programs can combat systemic risk."
"We develop a Markov chain model that captures the key characteristics of pseudo orders, including demand lumpiness, nonstationarity, and volatility."
"This paper analyzes the effects of financial integration on the stability of the banking system."
"For the important case where there is a hierarchy in the resource types, we strengthen our formulation through a drastic variable reduction and also propose a highly scalable heuristic, involving only the solution of a convex optimization problem (usually a second-order cone problem)."
"Our results in that setting are consistent with expectations for asymmetric spillovers but inconsistent with expectations for pooled spillovers."
"Inferences or decisions in the face of uncertainty should be based on all available information."
"In contrast to assumptions of these studies, results with a sample from the COMPUSTAT-database provide evidence that at least a minority of firms shift to individual reference levels, which are represented here through levels of minimal risk."
"The insight for management: Focal point buying and selling can be costly; buying (selling) by liquidity demanders below (above) round numbers yields losses approaching $1 billion per year."
"26, No."
"Sampling is used to infer the unknown performance of several alternatives before one alternative is selected as best."
"However, team prediction polls outperformed prediction markets when forecasts were statistically aggregated using temporal decay, differential weighting based on past performance, and recalibration."
"Intercluster traffic minimization is chosen as the clustering criterion to improve the service quality."
"We study how a manufacturer-retailer channel impacts choices of production and marketing variables under QR in the apparel industry."
"The Lagrangian dual costs are updated by subgradient optimization, and the single-item problems are solved by dynamic programming."
"On the other hand, the earlier entrant has the potential to build and retain its market share if consumers incur a cost in switching to the later entrant."
"This could mean that public-sector investments that would be rejected under the assumption ρ(t) = μ might be justified using the time-dependent aggregate discount rate ρ(t) = μ − σ2t/2."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"failure"
"The results show that, contrary to the theoretical prediction, managers choose price delegation frequently and salespeople respond reciprocally, leading to higher manager profits under price delegation."
"Yet cost efficiency is a key legislative and producer concern."
"Links are made to the existing literature (primarily in pricing and operations), and simple models are developed to unify and clarify existing research findings."
"This enables some traders to place early limit orders, attracting further liquidity."
"We also find that firms' patenting and citing strategies affect patent citations, making citations less indicative of knowledge flows."
"Most important, we prove the universal approximation property for the kernelized ERM approach when using a universal (data-independent) kernel and show how out-of-sample guarantees can be derived for various kernels."
"However, when the demand exceeds this proportion of inventory, the manager will report that the initial inventory is sold out."
"The basic idea is to minimize some measure of distance between the statistical properties of the generated outcomes and the specified properties."
"This paper makes use of a device proposed by Fulkerson and Ford for maximal multi-commodity network flows (Ford, L. R. Jr., D. R. Fulkerson."
"The spike-reversal pattern is strongest among small, illiquid stocks that are hard to arbitrage."
"Finally, we construct an information-theoretic family of counterexamples to show that our integrated framework achieves the best possible performance guarantee."
"Various aspects of rationality in decision making are reviewed and the concept of personalistic versus impersonalistic choice is discussed."
"In addition, we find that the zero price effect, transaction cost, and novelty considerations are likely not implicated."
"First, alternative theoretical views on attitude structure are presented."
"A proxy attribute is an indirect measure of an ultimate decision objective."
"Without any assumptions about traders' behavior it is shown that under a reasonable restriction on the structure of the limit orders, there is a unique solution (vector of prices) to any set of orders in all securities."
"We develop a stylized model in which we focus exclusively on firms' decisions to invest in their absorptive capacities."
"On the basis of the derived solution, a systematic procedure is presented which yields optimum designs without reference to the involved mathematics."
"In planning for production, an adequate model must incorporate these uncertainties into the representation of the production process."
"Our results suggest that knowledge spillovers are not the main driver of innovation in business groups because firms affiliated with the same group do not have a common research focus and are unlikely to cite each other's patents."
"Using first the IBM Model II CPC, then the 701 and now the 704, general LP routines of considerable power and flexibility have been developed."
"Using a large survey of directors, the authors show that female and male directors differ systematically in their core values and risk attitudes, but in ways that differ from gender differences in the general population."
"We provide some conditions, in terms of product substitutability and compatibility of retailers, that would lead to the formation of a three-member alliance, or a two-member alliance, or no alliance at all."
"An interactive goal programming approach for assessing scenario probabilities used in long-range forecasting and decision analysis is developed and illustrated using a small numerical example."
"It forms the basis of various parametric programming algorithms, depending on what special assumptions are made on the functions."
"I (through 1957), 1959, $10.00, x + 866pp.,"
"Consumers appear willing to forego much higher interest rates in their retirement accounts by leaving a sizeable portion of their withdrawn savings in a low-interest accruing bank account for at least a year after withdrawal."
"Bombay and Calcutta: Asia Publishing House and Statistical Publishing Society, 1960, $6.00, 86 pp.,"
"The implications of random yields and variable capacity for lot sizing previously have been explored separately, but not jointly."
"This paper considers fluid analogues for the standard linear programming problem and for a separable nonlinear programming problem."
"In contrast, we find no impact on non-WSO entry and a negative effect on size and short-term survival."
"We hypothesize that certain of the models are important in evaluating the effectiveness of organizations in particular life cycle stages but not in others."
"In this note we present a proof which guarantees a variance reduction for arbitrary arc time distributions."
"A scaling method for priorities in hierarchical structures."
"We distinguish between substitutability in implementation and substitutability in rival benefits and show that the latter is conducive to knowledge sharing."
"This framework consists of three factors (namely, common random numbers, replication, model validity), each with three levels."
"They also more readily accepted hedges with diagnostic costs when the pecuniary rewards associated with those hedges were greater."
"By lowering the barrier of switching, WNP creates a market condition conducive for a larger network to gain market share."
"These results indicate that the market power derived from the SEC led to ratings inflation."
"Are the costs of time and effort spent on analyzing decisions outweighed by benefits?"
"The transaction-level data set includes nearly 50 million transactions (purchase and return) across both online and brick-and-mortar channels."
"This paper was accepted by Manel Baucells, decision analysis."
"In live broadcasting, the break lengths available for commercials are not always fixed and known in advance (e.g., strategic and injury time-outs are of variable duration in live sports transmissions)."
"Using insights from classical auction theory, we construct an optimization-based auction mechanism (“smart market”) relying on the dynamic resolution of a linear program minimizing the buyer's cost under the suppliers' capacity constraints."
"Financial Research and Management Decisions."
"These differences are related to product line demand elasticities, which are higher for the market leader than they are for the followers."
"We show that traditional industry maturity arguments cannot fully explain our data."
"Although spectrum auctions are used as the guiding example to describe the merits of branch and price for combinatorial auctions, our approach applies to auctions of multiple goods in other scenarios similarly."
"In opportunistic policies the action to be taken on a given part at a given time depends on the state of the other parts of the system."
"The following typographical errors appeared in my paper “Optimal Pilfering Policies for Dynamic Continuous Thieves,” Management Sci.,"
"failure"
"While initially the ISP profit increases as more customers are drawn to the Internet, it eventually decreases as the spatial competition becomes more intense."
"In these markets, contract winners (vendors) provide clients with customized products such as computer software, business plans, and artistic designs."
"Mechanism Design for Capacity Planning Under Dynamic Evolutions of Asymmetric Demand Forecasts (p. 987)Sechan Oh, Özalp ÖzerShould a supplier build its capacity to meet manufacturer forecasts?"
"In contrast, fund of hedge funds firms starting hedge funds destroy value due to expansion beyond core competencies and agency problems."
"A pricing kernel can be interpreted as a scaled marginal utility."
"We demonstrate that inventory can blow up if setup time is cut."
"In addition, we suggest a back of envelope heuristic solution for deriving the policy parameters."
"This paper focuses on the implications of social learning for a monopolist firm’s choice of product design."
"The study’s results suggest that when the link between organizational actions and future performance is not well established and understood, financial analysts may give more weight to nonnumeric information in evaluating a company."
"The problem solver's perception of elements in a problem-situation will influence the extent to which he recognizes a problem and the nature of the constraints he associates with the problem."
"A key question about such operations is whether the collision risk they entail is acceptably low."
"Cohen and Hammer [Cohen, K. J., F. S. Hammer."
"However, if all firms increase the degree of economies of scope then all firms receive lower profits."
"In this paper, we formulate the problem as a zero-one integer program and develop a branch-and-bound algorithm based on Lagrangian relaxation methodology."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.3006.This paper was accepted by Han Bleichrodt, decision analysis."
"The existing literature assumes the availability of independent and identically distributed (i.i.d.)"
"This is particularly true in planning involving the limited information typically available on the relevant behavior and characteristics of large human populations."
"Consequently they are simple and fast, but nonetheless fairly accurate, and so seem well-suited to operational problems where time or computing resources are limited."
"The analysis of these models provides useful qualitative insights as well."
"We show that such individuals can lead to an aggregate economy that is risk averse."
"The purpose of the budgeting effort is to maximize an expected return, which depends on that part of the organization's resources allocated to implementation, net of risk, which is reduced by allocating resources to decision making."
"The limiting (s, S) policy characterizes the optimal ordering policy for the infinite horizon problem."
"Specifically, we ask whether firms should optimally produce “better” products when consumers are more likely to exchange information."
"In particular, we report on a project that simulates alternative distributed decision-making approaches for patient scheduling tasks."
"The authors provide experimental evidence that although most individuals exhibit concave utility and convex probability weighting, the two components show no strong positive correlation."
"In particular if the non-negativity constraints are relaxed on all but one of a set of basic variables, a knapsack (or very close to knapsack) problem is obtained, which either gives the solution of the integer problem, or when solved by dynamic programming provides bounds at least as strong as those provided by the above group problem."
"Consumers are often faced with fees for add-ons not included in the price of a base product (or service)."
"$37.50;—Kurtz, Albert K. and Harold A. Edgerton, Statistical Dictionary of Terms and Symbols."
"The insight for management: Close social ties between board members and CEOs can propagate the “old-boys network” in corporate boardrooms, reducing downside risk for CEOs and allowing lower performance to persist."
"In each of these policies each link is optimized independently."
"However, we claim that, in this case, the KS rather than the AA probabilities are the appropriate representation of the agent's beliefs."
"1983."
"New York: American Management Association, 1967, 112 pp.,"
"This paper was accepted by George J. Shanthikumar, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"Englewood Cliffs, N. J.: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1968, 164 pp.,"
"We carried out three field experiments to study such promotions in the context of an online taxi-booking platform."
"For purposes of the study, “forgetting” was defined as the excess of actual time over learning-curve-predicted time, summed over the first four trials after the interruption. “"
"Also, the decision on how to address each request must be made immediately upon its arrival."
"This paper proposes the first data-driven inverse optimization approach to measuring pathway concordance in any problem context."
"Results indicate good performance which deteriorates as the fill rate requirement and lead time increase."
"D.-holding entrepreneurs."
"Two major findings show that green product development and stricter environmental standards might not necessarily benefit the environment."
"However, an intermediate type of product variety, here called parts complexity, was found to have a persistent negative impact on productivity."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, optimization."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, finance."
"We also consider alliances where matching and/or information about firm resources are imperfect, and show that complementarities are a necessary but not sufficient condition for alliances to cause an increase in firm value; and that complementarities are neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition for alliances to be correlated with higher firm value."
"We consider a decentralized assembly system in which a buyer purchases components from several first-tier suppliers."
"The results indicate a spillover effect between management companies with top-performing funds and the stocks of the parent firm."
"We find that fee-for-service (FFS) induces neither system nor social optimum effort outcomes."
"In an activity network if the duration of each activity is not a random variable, then it is easy to identify the criticality of each activity represented by its float time."
"Instead, to evaluate possible strategies and tactics, negotiation analysts generally focus on changes in perceptions of the “zone of possible agreement” and the (subjective) distribution of possible negotiated outcomes conditional on various actions."
"Two studies investigate whether cross-situational differences in choice behavior should be interpreted in the expected utility framework as differences in risk attitude (as measured by risk-averse vs. risk-seeking utility functions) or as differences in the perception of the relative riskiness of choice alternatives as permitted by risk-return interpretations of utility functions, leaving open the possibility of stable cross-situational risk preference as a personality trait."
"These effects are magnified if the degree of complementarities is endogenously determined by each firm’s investment."
"The theoretical literature on managing R&D pipelines is largely based on real option theory making decisions about undertaking, continuing, or terminating projects."
"Results of an empirical study using Pittsburgh data supports the feasibility of the proposed system."
"Both noncooperative and cooperative game theory have been applied to business strategy."
"Harrisburg: The Stackpole Company, 1959."
"One of the classes of our risk measures presumes that there is no risk when there is no uncertainty involved, and the other allows different degenerate lotteries to be evaluated with different values of “risk.”"
"1987) life-cycle theory, and one proposition from the RV (Ring and Van de Ven 1994) theory of relationship development."
"The authors find that the censorship bias is exacerbated for higher degrees of censorship, higher variance in the population, and higher variability in the censorship points."
"The insight for management: Online target advertising based on user behavior is effective, but taken too far it might cause user or regulatory backlash that might reduce the effectiveness of online advertising."
"However, when the trust level is sufficiently high, it also increases disintermediation, which offsets the revenue gains from the increase in hiring high-quality freelancers."
"Using two years of inpatient data from 203 California hospitals, we find evidence that patient length of stay (LOS) increases as occupancy increases, until a tipping point, after which patients are discharged early to alleviate congestion."
"The paper could be viewed as a supplement to my extensive review of utility theory in Management Science some 20 years ago."
"The amount of instruction in a purposeful state is defined in terms of the efficiencies of the available courses of action; and the amount of motivation is defined in terms of the values of the objectives."
"failure"
"The insight for management: The gender constitution of a group directly affects its approach to decision making and its performance."
"We further derive a lower bound on the value of centralization and two upper bounds on the value of inventory pooling."
"An example of how the model can be used as a policy tool is given."
"$1.75 and Readings in Linear Programming."
"This paper proposes an extreme value approach to estimating interest-rate volatility, and shows that during the extreme movements of the U.S. Treasury market the volatility of interest-rate changes is underestimated by the standard approach that uses the thin-tailed normal distribution."
"We propose a relational theory of how change agents in organizations use the strength of ties in their network to overcome resistance to change."
"What one type of planner often takes as a “given” another takes as a “taken,” i.e., as an unwarranted assumption."
"We show that BOPS may either benefit or hurt the retailer depending on two fundamental system primitives: the store visiting cost and the online waiting cost."
"This paper was accepted by Kartik Hosanagar, information systems."
"Using panel data linear regression models, we first show that the impact of social distancing measures and lockdowns on mobility is highly heterogeneous and dependent on socioeconomic levels."
"Boosted by the novel bandit-over-bandit framework that adapts to the latent changes, our algorithm can further enjoy nearly optimal dynamic regret bounds in a (surprisingly) parameter-free manner."
"comment on my (Liuen, Gary L. 1979."
"A bisection algorithm is then applied to derive the certainty equivalents of 20 simple individually tailored deposits."
"It is shown that for total engineering employment in any industry segment the constant dollar gross national product fraction per engineer is only a slowly varying function of time."
"Books Received"
"We show that the component allocation problem is a general multidimensional knapsack problem (MDKP) and is NP-hard."
"Fifty six reports were circulated beforehand, in the following categories: Mathematical Analysis of Expansion of Productivity."
"We find that the dominant regime is one where dedicated technology should be adopted for a larger investment cost range, and thus, is the best response to the tighter capital budget, whereas flexible technology is the best response to lower financial flexibility."
"We show that in general the firm’s profit is higher when future cost is more uncertain, but not necessarily when cost reduction is more significant."
"to be correct, I fail to see how his nine conclusions follow as logical consequences, unless some additional assumptions are made."
"The GAP is a 0-1 programming model in which it is desired to minimize the cost of assigning n tasks to a subset of m agents."
"1989."
"For example, uncertainty in the demand for new products leads to higher prices, larger discounts, and more unsold inventory."
"Other numerical examples utilize inequalities to illustrate intransitivity effects like those discussed previously by Zeckhauser and Shepsle, and also in the context of Arrow's celebrated Impossibility Theorem."
"In the introduction we utilize an historical sketch of the management field to show at what time in the development of management science this particular person's career started and, thereby, some of the factors which helped mold his personal and character values."
"It has been customary to make the assumption that when the installation in question requests a shipment of stock, this shipment will be delivered in a fixed or perhaps random length of time, but at any rate with a time lag which is independent of the size of the order placed."
"This is due to the increasing use of derivatives in managing equity portfolios and the increased use of quantitative techniques for bond portfolio management."
"Channel Stuffing with Short-Term Interest in Market Value (p. 332)Guoming Lai, Laurens Debo, Lin NanDoes desire to meet end-of-the quarter sales targets to placate investors and inflate the firm's short-term market value result in “channel stuffing”?"
"The results provide insight into the effect of switching behavior on the service levels offered by competing suppliers."
"Monte Carlo simulation is used to evaluate the approach."
"M. Weber and Sarin 1993)."
"Examples are tracking field reports on competitors' prices and analyzing market share estimates computed from retail audits and consumer panel reports."
"Finally, startups with founding teams of intermediate capabilities remain flexible: They seek early offers but eventually sell late."
"That is, the more capacity (or less time) available, the further the optimal set is along this sequence."
"The models are that of cost minimization, profit maximization, and cost minimization with probabilistic breakdowns."
"Their decisions were influenced by the decisions of other managers, and the decision processes of both those directly involved and those indirectly involved were analyzed."
"We consider generation patterns and intermittency of solar and wind energy in relation to the electricity demand throughout a day."
"Unlike conventional efficiency scores, these results are insensitive to outlier DMUs."
"We find that to arrive at a forecast decision makers often search their experience for a situation similar to the one at hand and then make small adjustments to this previous situation."
"This note offers an extension of Tam and Kiang (Tam, K. Y., M. Y. Kiang."
"We consider the problem setting in which the effective capacity depends on the number of tasks assigned to the facility."
"Research on bidding in auctions has generally relied on the assumption of self-interested bidders."
"The model assumes that there are increasing returns to investment in a segment, for example, as a result of word-of-mouth or learning curve effects."
"These experimental clusters are often called “test markets,” “panels,” and other such names, but regardless of the name, their central purpose is to allow controlled testing leading to inference to a population."
"As a comparison, the trading returns of connected and unconnected independent directors do not differ significantly in stock purchases."
"—Editorial by Russell L. Ackoff, University of Pennsylvania"
"We also find evidence that 17–25% of all participants choose to reward a favorable action choice made by the sender, even though doing so leaves one at a payoff disadvantage."
"Apologies are part of a social institution designed to restore frayed relationships not only in daily life but also in the domains of corporate governance, medical malpractice litigation, political reputation, organizational culture, etc."
"Each call brings in a fixed revenue to the service provider."
"Although most individuals exhibit concave utility and convex probability weighting, the two components show no strong positive correlation."
"They show heterogeneity in vicarious learning across the technology frontier and firm characteristics—including the origin industry of target firms."
"This research explores the relationships among user participation, influence, conflict, and conflict resolution in the development of management information systems."
"We define two measures of schedule robustness, formulate the robust scheduling problem, establish its complexity, describe properties of the optimal schedule, and present exact and heuristic solution procedures."
"This paper presents an integer programming model for developing optimal shift schedules while allowing extensive flexibility in terms of alternative shift starting times, shift lengths, and break placement."
"We report on the results of queueing network simulation experiments that compare the statistical properties of several possible estimators that can be formed using this method."
"In equilibrium, strategic consumers and the retailer make optimal decisions given their rational expectations regarding future prices, availability of inventory, and the behavior of other consumers."
"failure"
"Both approaches use integrated machine learning algorithms to prescribe capacities directly from historical demand and numerous features (covariates) without having to make assumptions about the underlying multivariate demand distribution."
"Thus, the importance of disciplining versus moral hazard effects depends on the availability of hard information."
"To do so, we exploit the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act, which eliminates certain disclosure, auditing, and governance requirements for a subset of newly public firms."
"A method for computing forward-looking market risk premium is developed in this paper."
"For the bad as old (BAO) model for system reliability, asymptotic distributions for time between failures and time of rth failure are obtained."
"The proof invokes the infinite programming theory of Duffin and Kretschmer."
"The ongoing shortage of organs for transplantation has generated an expanding literature on efficient and equitable allocation of the donated cadaveric organs."
"The insight for management: Firms in innovative industries should consider the critical role of multilocation firms, their internal organization locations, and their responses to technological and market competition in clusters."
"Whereas the binary measure allows researchers to conclude that about twice as many men as women choose to compete (typically two-thirds versus one-third), the new procedure sheds light on the intensive margin."
"The explicit risk pooling uncertainty set leads to a square root law in which the optimal stock to reserve at the central warehouse grows with the square root of the number of retailers."
"Specifically, we show that the slope of the price–inventory relationship (higher inventory lowers prices) is significantly steeper when dealers find themselves in a situation of high rather than low market power."
"Broadcasters actively manage their advertising revenue by jointly optimizing sales and scheduling policies."
"In the infinite-horizon setting an intuitive description of the situation leads to the notion of a class of extended myopic policies, requiring the consideration of review periods of uncertain length."
"Product design decisions substantially affect the cost and revenue drivers."
"The argument is that because a leasing firm retains ownership of the off-lease units, it has an incentive to remarket them or invest in designing a more durable product, resulting in a lower volume of new production and disposal."
"Interestingly, competitive power markets might see faster price increases than regulated utilities as such charges are put into place."
"Math.19 308–322; Bereanu, B. 1973."
"For skill retention, the optimal practice strategy consists of cycles of either constant effort (for skills that are easily forgotten) or pulsed effort (for skills that are easily retained) consistent with the principle of alternating stress and rest."
"Financial professionals have a great deal of discretion concerning how to relay information about the risk of financial products to their clients."
"Books Received"
"The optimum n(t) is found by the methods of the calculus of variations."
"We propose an aggregation technique that is a simple modification of three-pass regression filter/partial least squares regression with an opposite property: the predictability tests applied to the combined predictor become more conservative in the presence of p-hacking."
"New York: Columbia Univ."
"Such rebates are typically viewed as a means of price discrimination because of partial redemption by consumers."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, finance."
"Determination of optimum packaging frequency of items jointly replenished."
"It discusses in some detail the impact of these determinants on four processes that are of key importance in the operation of information systems."
"Alternative assumptions about opportunities for borrowing and annuities characterize two polar types of societies."
"We study market-timing strategies on a given portfolio to achieve a particular risk or return target."
"We illustrate our approach using weekly sales data of albums that appeared inBillboard'sTop 200 albums chart from January 1994 to December 1995."
"Nevertheless, we find that when stores are asked, a discount is granted approximately 40% of the time, with a median discount percentage of 10%."
"Fund Flows, Performance, Managerial Career Concerns, and Risk Taking (p. 628)Ping Hu, Jayant R. Kale, Marco Pagani, Ajay SubramanianWhat is the relation between a fund manager's career concerns and the risk level choices she makes in managing funds?"
"suggested a dynamic programming algorithm for partitioning a number of items ordered from a single supplier."
"This disagreement leads to a tension between focus and breadth in corporate products."
"The production process within any sector is taken to be pure assembly in fixed proportions."
"The insight for management: A new and more tractable and efficient method to measure uncertainty and ambiguity attitudes yields plausible results for ambiguity aversion and seeking behaviors."
"Specifically, we compare size-based rules for forming cost pools with more informationally demanding correlation-based rules and develop a blended method that performs well in terms of accuracy."
"A survey of more than 4,000 significant innovations and innovating firms in the UK from 1945–1983 shows that the scope and organisation of technological activities vary greatly as functions of firms' principal activities and size.1."
"We apply our econometric model to a hospital that balances the costs of reserving too much versus too little operating room capacity to cardiac surgery cases."
"Res."
"Additional findings are (1) that the relearning rate is not correlated with the learning rate, but may be related to skill factors and the degree of original learning; (2) that subjects have poor insight into their memory states; and (3) that, within the specific task, learning rate is highly correlated with the time taken to complete the first unit."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.1962.This paper was accepted by Jerome Detemple, finance."
"Three Maintenance policies were investigated by studying the operating characteristics of the system's two functional units, IBM 1620 Processor and IBM 1622 Card-Punch, covering the period of twenty-nine months."
"Economically motivated adulteration (EMA) is a serious threat to public health."
"The insight for management: Optimal rationing among customers depends on their unique contribution margins, their sensitivities to the past, and their demand volatilities."
"One of the justifications of such practice is that an overlapping assortment with competitive prices on the common products may prevent further consumer search and therefore could be useful even when profits from the overlapping products do not justify the costs of carrying them."
"We find that the frequency of unauthorized subcontracting across factories has a pronounced bimodal distribution."
"For the latter, the revenue increase can be as high as 100%."
"One possible explanation is that they turn to services to generate additional profits when their product industries mature and product revenues and profits decline."
"The maximum probability function has been shown often, but not always, to be a monotonic non-increasing function of the number of units."
"We provide evidence for complementarity in product development contracting by taking advantage of a detailed data set that includes the level of vertical integration and the contracting environment for individual automobile systems in the luxury automobile segment."
"10/(U.K.) (paper);—Alexis, Marcus, Holloway, Robert J., and Hancock, Robert S. (Editors), Empirical Foundations of Marketing: Research Findings in the Behavioral and Management Sciences."
"An asymptotic formula useful for numerical calculation is derived."
"The method has been applied successfully to the 20, 48, and 57 city traveling salesman problems."
"The insight for management: New methods that lead to quick interpretation of mouse clicks can lead to more effective target marketing on the Internet."
"Recent Medicare legislation seeks to improve patient care quality by financially penalizing providers for hospital-acquired infections (HAIs)."
"Lengthening the runway as proposed would allow Pacific Western Airlines to operate their Boeing 737 aircraft out of Kelowna with heavier payloads, thereby reducing the occurance of situations where the combined passenger and cargo demand exceeds the available weight capacity of the aircraft."
"In particular, we prove that in the limit, some of the partial derivatives can be estimated as accurately as the performance measure itself."
"We use this result to establish our other results."
"We consider a number of policies governing employee work assignments and in each case we give a formula for the minimum workforce size and a schedule construction algorithm."
"We find that forgetfulness impacts the ability of firms to cooperate in countervailing directions."
"This is a very time-consuming task giving raise to high setup costs in addition to waste production resulting from the cutting process."
"In addition to describing the experimental results of applying integer linear programming techniques to this class of problems, the paper also illustrates how effectively rounded linear programming solutions can be used as approximations to optimal solutions."
"Immediate remedies are not available for these difficulties."
"However, it is not necessarily beneficial."
"This study provides the following insights: an index of time-based competitive advantage (ITCA) and the first-mover advantage determine the positions of the firms in time-based competition; either the well-known prisoner's dilemma or off-equilibrium behaviors due to different preferences for equilibria (when multiple equilibria exist) may lead the firms to overinvest in capacity, but no one may gain a competitive advantage; a uniform improvement in internal efficiency (i.e., a uniform capacity cost reduction) may harm everyone; quality differentiation (i.e., going beyond the QoS benchmark) plays a dual role in time-based competition, either helping a firm with a larger ITCA to compete more effectively, or helping a firm possibly with a smaller ITCA to preempt competitors and protect its market advantage."
"Ss inventory policy with variable delivery time."
"3 (November 1966)."
"$8.95;—Hester, Donald D. and James Tobin (eds.),"
"While the course of technological change is widely accepted to be highly uncertain and unpredictable, little work has identified or studied the ultimate sources and causes of that uncertainty."
"Utilization (extent of use) and institutionalization (extent of organizational adaptation) were evaluated."
"It is assumed that both switch-over time and cost are incurred when the facility switches from performing one type of operation to a different type."
"We consider distribution systems with a central warehouse and many retailers that stock a number of different products."
"This model is used to estimate the maximum feasible recycling rate given the current state of pulp and paper technology."
"Customers can learn from the inventory level and update their beliefs about the product."
"The optimal policy may or may not call for positive dividends during each time period.)"
"failure"
"Results show subjects exhibit some degree of trusting behavior, although a majority of them are not trustworthy and claim the entire social gain."
"By applying the mean-variance model we show that, for a return generating process given by the maximum distribution, the expected return on the dually listed security will be higher and the variance associated with it will be lower than for an otherwise identical (domestically) single listed security."
"This relation is not sensitive to whether a firm has relied on selective disclosure in the pre-Reg FD regime."
"They show that imposing disposal fees or encouraging remanufacturing, under some conditions, can actually lead to higher environmental impact."
"We show that this claim is incorrect using the implementation of Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No."
"The present paper summarizes the results of a detailed empirical investigation of the theory of economic equipment policy as applied to one important kind of industrial equipment, viz line-haul truck-tractor power units."
"We do find, however, that the role experience of individuals in a team (i.e., years in a given role within a team) is associated with better team performance."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"We examine the response of prosocial employees and boards of directors to corporate misconduct."
"Thus, the model is developed from assumptions of relevant probability laws that relate to individual consumer's probability of brand choice and the time between product class purchases; as well as the distributions of brand choice probability and the average product class purchase rate of individuals over the population of consumers."
"We explain theoretically (with exact proofs) and numerically (with simulations) when and why."
"We discuss the implications of these findings for individual hospital growth strategies and for the regional organization of hospital systems."
"”This attitude of resignation prevails among large numbers of educated Germans, who persist in closing their eyes to the connections between scientific development and social factors."
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"Our results suggest that investments in architectural design play a dual role in a flexible process: First, through the need to select an architecture that maximizes product performance and, second, through the need to select an architecture that facilitates development process flexibility."
"Some extensions of the discrete lotsizing and scheduling problem."
"We further highlight that obfuscation remains beneficial even if the designer can directly incentivize consumers to explore through monetary payments."
"Ceteris paribus, relative risk declines with the level of employment risk faced by a manager."
"We allow the manufacturers to compete for the retailer's business using one of three types of contracts: a wholesale-price contract, a quantity-discount contract, or a two-part tariff."
"This paper applies the problem to a repair organization."
"Competition can lead to asymmetric outcomes where firms focus on different markets."
"In a previous paper the concept of a multiple (s, S, policy, generalizing the well-known (s, S) policy, was introduced, and it was shown that for a broad class of situations some multiple (s, S) policy would minimize costs when a single decision was to be made whether or not to order goods to add to inventory."
"Game theoretic and decision theoretic approaches are compared."
"Shopping intermediaries provide a search environment (e.g., search aids) to lower the search costs incurred by consumers when finding and evaluating sellers’ products."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1962, $11.25, 528 pp—reviewed by Murray A. Geisler;—Batchelor, James H. Operations research, an annotated bibliography."
"The corresponding solution is used as input to a greedy heuristic which generates “good” feasible points."
"failure"
"We find that the intensity of the preference is more extreme than the binary measure could detect."
"The deviation of actual sales (or other time-dependent statistics) from a model of sales will give rise to forecasting errors that are enhanced, damped out, or shifted in phase, depending on the particular formulas that are used for forecasting."
"The Pitfalls of Subsystem Integration: When Less Is More (p. 659)Sanjiv Erat, Stylianos Kavadias, Cheryl GaimonHow much integration is too much?"
"However, in this equilibrium, the patch-update cycle of the firm may not be synchronized with the patch-release cycle of the vendor, making it impossible to achieve the socially optimal patch management in the decentralized system."
"To achieve the former within the foreseeable future it might be wise to tie into the existing terminology of game theory; the latter may require taking a new look at the psychological problems involved and introducing something like an operations research approach to them."
"The cardinal utilities indicate the strength of preference of one alternative relative to others as well as order the alternatives."
"In the classical secretary problem, one attempts to find the maximum of an unknown and unlearnable distribution through sequential search."
"This paper develops efficient forward algorithms and planning horizon results for several machine replacement models under an improving technological environment over time."
"We show that an extreme point plan is such that in between periods with zero inventory there is at most one sequence of periods when production is neither zero nor capacity and within these periods, production does not change."
"We experimentally vary the reviews displayed above Google’s organic search results to show either exclusively Google reviews (Google’s current tying strategy) or reviews from multiple platforms determined to be the best-performing by Google’s own organic search algorithm."
"We explore the shape of optimal consumption patterns in discrete and continuous choice settings."
"We find that benefits from different types of prevention expenditures vary, and that past nonconformance expenditures provide learning opportunities that allow the organization to more efficiently cope with future failures, thereby reducing subsequent nonconformance costs."
"Among other things, they affect the implicit models in people's minds of what the act of organizing means."
"Many of the sophisticated techniques designed to enhance the efficiency of the linear simplex method are applicable to the convex simplex method."
"We also demonstrate that prepurchase information acquisition can be an endogenous mechanism to enable credible advertising in a cheap-talk setting."
"In this paper the dynamic relocation of the search origin to possibly more appropriate points is advocated."
"Although binding reverse auctions have attracted a good deal of interest in the academic literature, in practice, dynamic nonbinding reverse auctions are the norm in procurement."
"By equating points in time and points in space, the warehouse problem can be identified with a special case of the shortest-route problem."
"Although the discussed model can be formulated as a linear programming problem a special (noniterative) method is developed."
"Moreover, this threshold is increasing as the supply chain gets longer and can be substantially larger than the premerger markup."
"In this paper, we consider a “satisficing” criterion to solve two-person zero-sum games with random payoffs."
"Each subject returned at an assigned time, up to 114 days later, and repeated the task for about four hours."
"The model allows for variations in tree shape and quality which could be recorded by modern electronic scanners."
"The research context poses significant econometric challenges due to three-part tariffs and sequential discrete plan choice and continuous quantity choice decisions."
"We show that liquidity serves a critical and distinct role in risk management, justifying high levels of cash."
"Its source may be either the cognitive limitations or the motivations of the sender or receiver."
"These layers are connected by temporal arcs."
"Publication of Industrial Relations Section, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Technology Press and John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1958, $4.50—reviewed by Thomas A. Cowan;—Sampling Opinions—An Analysis of Survey Procedures."
"A statement made there about material to be included, namely, that “…management discussion of management sciences, such as the nature of business problems which they feel are important and can be attacked by management sciences,” can hopefully be genuinely implemented with the regular appearance of the journal six times a year."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"In particular, it appears that for some reasonable ranges of parameters, the new organization can outperform the original organization."
"This paper was accepted by Toby Stuart, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"It is common for a retailer to sell products from competing manufacturers."
"An illustration of the successful application of this procedure is shown."
"We show that state-dependent (s, S) policies are optimal, where the state represents advance demands outside the supply lead-time horizon."
"Personalization is becoming ubiquitous on the World Wide Web."
"We provide a theory that predicts when the platform will prefer more, less, or the same level of exploration as that induced by sellers in equilibrium."
"This study suggests a method for applying the SDR criteria to continuous distributions where, in general, a small number of comparisons is involved."
"Distance to market affects the intensity of impact."
"The role of governments in energy investment has escalated and the implications for investments by the private sector require explicit recognition and study."
"In this case how should the actions be ranked by the executive?"
"We found that some heuristics were effective in reducing the complexity of the problem."
"In line with previous findings, women are less likely to lie when it is costly to the other side, but, interestingly, the authors find that women are more likely to tell an altruistic lie."
"Final capacity, goodwill of types 1 and 2, net debt, and price are control parameters."
"We then look for general rules for generating a group ranking for the acts which would simultaneously satisfy axioms referring to varying extreme cases."
"The increasing impact of algorithmic decisions on people’s lives compels us to scrutinize their fairness and, in particular, the disparate impacts that ostensibly color-blind algorithms can have on different groups."
"We then conclude that lack of coherence of decentralized VaR management, that is VaR nonsubadditivity at the richest level of information, should be an exception rather than a rule."
"failure"
"Among the Fama–French 25 portfolios formed on size and momentum returns, the portfolio with the greatest EPU beta underperforms the portfolio with the lowest EPU beta by 5.53% per annum, controlling for exposure to the Carhart four factors as well as implied and realized volatility."
"Rationally acting consumers may respond to this structural difference by purchasing more products, thereby generating additional sales for the retailer."
"An efficient dynamic programming algorithm is designed to handle the spatial characteristics of soil movement through a watershed, and its ultimate impact on water channels and/or reservoirs."
"In order to avoid the task of assessing a complicated likelihood function, Morris uses an axiomatic approach to develop a multiplicative rule for aggregating a decision maker's and an expert's probabilities."
"In particular, we consider contrasts between stochastic seeding strategies and analyze nonparametric estimators adapted from policy evaluation and importance sampling."
"No communication is compared with communication at three possible dates: before the first outcome (early), at the first outcome/consumption date (normal), and between the initial consumption date and the second outcome (delayed)."
"This paper was accepted by Kamalini Ramdas, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Motivated by recent empirical literature that makes a clear distinction between antipiracy efforts that restrict supply of pirated goods (supply-side enforcement) and ones that penalize illegal consumption (demand-side enforcement), we develop a simple economic model and discover some fundamental differences between these two types in terms of their impacts on innovation and welfare."
"This paper was accepted by Olav Sorenson, organizations and social networks."
"Also, for a class of widely used demand conditions, the supplier’s optimal price is shown invariant to the entry/exit of its downstream buyer firms."
"A numerical example is included."
"We perform a counterfactual analysis and find that an alternate strategy of employing flexible labor when faced with high occupancy levels might be a more productive approach, and could save the hospitals in our sample up to $138 million over 23 months."
"We then formulate and solve drug treatment and prevention spending decisions in the framework of dynamic optimal control under different assumptions about how freely drug control budgets can be manipulated."
"We examine whether the adoption of CPOE systems by hospitals is associated with an increase in reported patient complexity and if the Recovery Audit Program helped to attenuate this relationship."
"The artificial agents bred in this environment outperform the historical actions of brand managers in the real market."
"We consider a model of search when the distribution of prices (wages) is unknown."
"The second effort uses the same information for eventual unloading of the shipments to the retailers to rebalance their stocking positions."
"In particular, we find that subjects who make choices for themselves take less risk than those who decide for others when losses loom."
"This paper was accepted by Assaf Zeevi, stochastic models and simulation."
"In these experiments, we observe behavior that is inconsistent with predictions from standard economic models in which agents can easily make complex decisions and each alternative in a choice set is evaluated independently of other potential options."
"Turning to optimal advertising budgets, we find that the equilibrium forward-looking advertising levels are higher for Tropicana, the brand that has higher brand equity and a higher responsiveness to advertising."
"In this paper an algorithm is presented of complexity 0(rd log r) where r is the number of end facilities and d is the maximum depth of the distribution system."
"In addition, founders' educational background can mitigate the constraint of organizational environments on strategy."
"Computational results illustrate our hypothesis that a delay buffer may significantly reduce expected total costs of a quality control process."
"Constant fixed costs per lot, linear inventory holding costs and a constant and continuous demand of finished products are assumed over an infinite horizon."
"This paper is concerned with the lack of significant progress in the application of electronic computers for expanding the scope of systems of information flow."
"In cases where the consistency assumption holds, the original game can be replaced by a game where nature first conducts a lottery in accordance with the basic probability distribution, and the outcome of this lottery will decide which particular subgame will be played, i.e., what the actual values of the relevant parameters will be in the game."
"The number of merger and acquisition (M&A) transactions paid fully in stock in the U.S. market declined sharply after 2001, when pooling and goodwill amortization were abolished by the Financial Accounting Standards Board."
"Using the results from an experiment conducted with a strategic market simulation game, we find that the accessibility of information results in a disposition to focus on those components of decision-making most clearly addressed by the information."
"In our model, a high average rating indicates a high product quality, whereas a high variance of ratings is associated with a niche product, one that some consumers love and others hate."
"In their paper (Derman, C., M. Klein."
"CABOB's search runs in linear space and has significantly better anytime performance than CPLEX.We also uncover interesting aspects of the problem itself."
"This relationship is likewise present when we focus on the intensity of analyst research."
"If too much is ordered, stock is left over at the end of the period, whereas if too little is ordered, sales are lost."
"We also find an increase in requests for books featuring Latinx, Asian, Muslim, and Jewish cultures, suggesting that a focus on equality for one group can spill over and yield culturally aware dialogues for other groups as well."
"In addition, we find some evidence that this beneficial performance impact of prior partner exposure is amplified during periods of high workload, particularly for the patient handover process."
"This issue marks the start of the 50th volume of Management Science."
"One often-employed method is to use data from traditional rankings/ratings-based conjoint analysis and attack the product line selection problem with enumeration or heuristics."
"The relevance of the results is discussed in the summary."
"1955."
"2."
"Optimal marketing volatility needs to trade off sales effectiveness and extra costs resulting from marketing volatility."
"We propose an approach for estimating customer preferences for a set of substitutable products using only sales transactions and product availability data."
"Interestingly, we find that the amount of data (number of households or number of purchases per household) does not affect our ability to identify the correct market type with this heuristic, so there is a good chance of identifying the correct market type even when little data is available."
"We investigate how firms use information technology (IT) implementation to mitigate an anomaly in capital markets: investors underreacting to new public information."
"The supplier uses demand information to better plan for a capacity investment decision."
"An erratum to Jen, Frank C., C. Carl Pegels, Terrence M. Dupuis."
"Moreover, the solution costs obtained using this procedure were, on average, 28 percent closer to the lower bounds than solution costs obtained using UA's current scheduling system."
"Weekly index put order flow on the International Securities Exchange positively and robustly predicts weekly S&P 500 index returns."
"Sales rates depend upon price, seasonal effects, and the remaining assortment of items available to customers."
"To understand why it has proven so successful, we develop a theoretical model that exploits the two-sided nature of flights as connectors of supply and demand for goods and services other than traveling itself across physical space."
"Three distinct clusters of manufacturing strategy groups were observed."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.3012.This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"We study dynamic unstructured bargaining with deadlines and one-sided private information about the amount available to share (the “pie size”)."
"This approach is based on the development of two models: one short, the other long term."
"SIMSWISS is constructed via a combination of dynamic simulation and optimization techniques which allow its user to check its accuracy as a representation of reality and to engage in the analysis of possible scenarios and alternative policies."
"Moreover, the framing of the fixed fee does make a difference: an opaque frame as quantity discounts achieves higher channel efficiency than a salient frame as a two-part tariff, although these two contractual formats are theoretically equivalent."
"We find that information asymmetry may cause the less reliable supplier type to stop using backup production while the more reliable supplier type continues to use it."
"We then extend these scoring mechanisms to the more general stochastic submodular welfare-maximization problem, where the goal is to partition items into groups to maximize the sum of the expected group values."
"We consider makespan minimization as objective."
"We take a novel approach to decision problems involving binary activity-selection decisions competing for scarce resources."
"Values for the input variables were acquired through field observations, other Colombian sources, and a review of the literature."
"To infer causality, we employ a regression discontinuity design (RDD)."
"This is the other part of Blau's dilemma, from which he goes on to a variety of philosophic and other objections that he believes relate to contrasts between Bayesian decision theory and other, more classic, approaches in statistics."
"Now I find myself as Comptroller of the U. S. Defense Department, busily engaged in trying to build a bridge between financial management and military planning to facilitate the application of operations research or systems analysis to military problems."
"For this analysis, the number of lines leased between two facilities is called a link, and the aggregate of all the links leased by an organization is called a network."
"What is really needed is a combination of techniques; traditional and novel methods, census and sampling techniques, general- and special-purpose analyses all contribute to the measurement objective."
"With information contracting, the retailer has an incentive to share information when either production diseconomy/economy is large or competition is intense."
"In this paper, we develop a modeling framework to examine farms’ strategic adulteration behavior and the resulting EMA risk in farming supply chains."
"We show that the proposed solution methodology based on this approximation procedure is asymptotically optimal under a many-server asymptotic regime."
"Compared with existing pricing technologies without the “barrier too close” problem, our calculation method can produce a more accurate and efficient analytic evaluation of barrier options monitored at discrete instants with well- or ill-behaved barrier levels, or discrete hindsight options, for a reasonably large number of monitorings."
"A forecasting model based on five years of historical data estimates ratings for hypothetical schedules."
"The evaluation of alternative locations for an automatic classification yard has become an important problem for railroad managements."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.3005.This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"At this project's inception, its objective was to assess whether the kanban system could perform well in the manufacturing environments found in this country."
"When retrieval requests consist of multiple items, order pickers must travel to numerous storage locations to complete each order."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.3018.This paper was accepted by Han Bleichrodt, decision analysis."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1968, 372 pp.,"
"The best performing measure for time-preference is a titration method, in which a sequence of adaptive binary-choice questions narrows in on a subject’s indifference point, and for risk-preference it is a self-report measure of risk aversion."
"In addition to the challenges presented by random yields and multiple products, coproduction systems often serve multiple customer classes that differ in their product valuations."
"We study how the menu of contracts presented to a decision maker—including contracts she may be precluded from choosing—affects her choice of remunerative but risky actions relative to lower paying, less risky alternatives."
"Basic research information exchange often takes place beyond the organization through preprints and conference proceedings."
"Second, market illiquidity positively affects forward-looking risk premium, indicating that forward-looking risk premium contains an illiquidity risk premium component."
"Bottom-up processes are beneficial for more challenging initiatives."
"Those familiar with dynamic programming models (e.g., inventory, queueing optimization, replacement, optimal stopping) will be well acquainted with the use of what we call structured policies and value functions."
"The U.S. stock market is the center of the international volatility spillover network, and its volatility spillover to other markets has intensified since 2008."
"The distances used in certain types of industrial, office or street grid layouts are often assumed to be rectangular."
"II (1958–1959), 1962, $12.50.,"
"In this paper, we formulate a game-theoretic model of firm interaction to analyze the dynamic price and advertising competition among firms in a given product market."
"Various research areas face the methodological problems presented by nonnegative integer count data drawn from heterogeneous populations."
"point of view."
"First, event risks such as a market crash may be significant; second, market liquidity may dry up after a crash; third, the probability of another crash may increase after a crash; and, fourth, other investment opportunity set parameters (e.g., market volatility) may also change after a crash."
"Unconditional on sentiment, these effects offset each other."
"Transport Canada had formally recommended the proposed runway extension to the Treasury Board (the Cabinet Committee of the Canadian Government that controls government expenditures)."
"We validate theoretical results that collaborative group structures may search more effectively in problems of low complexity but are outperformed by nominal structures at higher complexity levels."
"At least one-half of the accountant's formal university-level study should be of a general scientific and cultural nature."
"It is suggested that the effectiveness of incremental learning can often be improved by slowing the rate of learning and adaptation, by reducing the simultaneity of behavioral changes, and by scaling the size of the changes."
"In the present paper, such a system is referred to as a queue with instantaneous feedback."
"Various probability concepts are employed; and combinations are evaluated according to their incremental contribution of expected net-present value and variance to the firm as a whole."
"However, since product development activities may be coupled in complex ways, overlapping interrelated activities can present many difficulties."
"This paper investigates the price determinants and investment performance of art."
"An important aspect of our analysis is that consumers optimally decide how many sellers to evaluate and how deeply (e.g., number of attributes) to evaluate each of them."
"Management Sci.7 (1) 1–20], which amounts to finding the set S of constraints such that, maximizing the objective function with all constraints belonging to S taken as strict equalities, the solution point is obtained."
"$12.00—reviewed by Norman N. Barish;—Planning Production, Inventories and Work Force."
"We first study how path-generation methods (PGMs) affect the structure of the discontinuities and what the effect of discontinuities is on the accuracy of QMC methods."
"The electronic companion is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2018.3033.This paper was accepted by Gad Allon, operations management."
"However, competition between advisors in the market further exacerbates overconfidence."
"We identify the key roles that the capacity intensity (the ratio of unit capacity cost to total unit capacity and production cost) of each technology and the pooling value of operating budget with dedicated technology, which brings this technology closer to flexible technology in terms of the resource network’s flexibility, play in a budget-constrained environment."
"1958."
"Each facility has an echelon holding cost rate for each item it distributes, and a facility-dependent set up cost."
"Here we develop an alternative, conceptually simpler approach to these problems."
"This zero-sum two-person game is solved in the symmetric case."
"However, because haggling is costly, it reduces overall welfare and diminishes the benefits of price discrimination."
"The main point in order to validate the bootstrap is to define a reasonable data-generating process in this complex framework and to propose a reasonable estimator of it."
"An application of the ordering rules to the debt timing decision requires the use of a solution procedure applicable to a multi-period case having nonstationary probability functions over time."
"This note considers a multiple-shift workforce scheduling scenario for seven-days-a-week operations under a workweek arrangement called the 3–4 workweek."
"Using behavioral experiments, we study the impact of queue design on worker productivity in service systems that involve human servers."
"In contrast, with delayed price quotes, a buyer will find dual sourcing beneficial because single sourcing locks it into a monopolistic supplier that extracts most of the available rent."
"It is argued that many of the numerous information processing limitations and biases revealed in this literature apply to tasks performed in F&P. In particular, the “illusion of control,” accumulation of redundant information, failure to seek possible disconfirming evidence, and overconfidence in judgment are liable to induce serious errors in F&P. In addition, insufficient attention has been given to the implications of numerous studies that show that the predictive judgment of humans is frequently less accurate than that of simple quantitative models."
"Our results on the profitability of different schemes provide insights on a variety of managerial issues that are of practical relevance for product launch."
"The authors determine the break-even value that encourages CCS adoptions—the critical value in the charge for CO2 emissions that would justify investment in CCS capabilities."
"In their quest to manage the complexity of offering greater product variety, firms in many industries are considering platform-based product development."
"However, we also argue that organization theoretic arguments, which draw on the concept of social obligation, are oversocialized."
"In product sales, firms should not use solely restocking fees as a way to defray product return costs."
"In the two-buying-opportunity setting with fixed wholesale prices, we show that price protection has two primary impacts: (1) shifting sales forward in time and (2) increasing total sales."
"Using a simple theoretical framework, I argue that public data reduces investment uncertainty, facilitates the discovery of new market opportunities, and increases the relative market share of new entrants relative to incumbents."
"What are the drivers of such benefits?"
"This paper reports the results of six experiments and analyses performed to explore the applicability of the non-constant-sum case of the theories of von Neumann-Morgenstern, and others, to the actual behavior of people playing games or involved in bargaining situations."
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"We model inventory sharing as a multiple demand classes problem in which each dealer faces his own customer demand with high priority, and inventory-sharing requests from other dealers with low priority."
"But, most applications assess utility functions by asking just n questions to specify n parameters."
"This evening, I shall offer a few personal views and convictions concerning possible paths through the future to these goals."
"In the third stage, the receiver may (at a cost) punish or reward, depending on which cell of the simultaneous game has been reached."
"In the model, the various effects of advertising on behavior are decomposed."
"As the speed of information processing increases and computational refinements develop, a corresponding effort is necessary to redefine in operationally relevant terms, or to sharpen the definition of, such key concepts as profit, capital, cost."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"We provide extensive analytical insights into both approaches."
"We show that prospect theory offers a rich theory of casino gambling, one that captures several features of actual gambling behavior."
"We show that individuals are more likely to donate when a facet of their identity associated with a norm of generosity is primed in an appeal."
"If a job arrives at time t and its value is observed to be x, then by assigning man i with quality pi, a reward r(t)pix is received, where r(t) is a discount function."
"As a result, retailers might charge a restocking fee to defray these costs; for example, Best Buy charges 15% for returns of opened digital cameras, and the Apple Store charges 10% for opened iPods."
"International differences in general, and cultural differences in particular, exert profound influence on what people buy."
"This activity-productivity study applied quantitative methods to a large random sample of the highest volume and lowest volume performers engaged in nonmanual, nonrepetitive activities."
"In particular, the optimal search interval shrinks when customer types are more ambiguous a priori, i.e., as the base rate approaches the value at which the agent is indifferent between types."
"The first, following Merton, is the “Matthew Effect,” according to which a tournament's architect directs slack resources to elite actors and thus widens the distribution of rewards by favoring cumulative advantage."
"However, there has not been a simple and intuitive interpretation for the meaning of such derivatives."
"This article reports on an experiment investigating the effects of a human facilitator and a computerized Group Support System (GSS) on group meeting outcomes."
"When firms set their qualities before competing on price and the range of feasible qualities is restricted such that variety seeking softens competition, competing firms choose to minimally differentiate themselves from each other."
"We answer four questions: What is the impact of adopting DTCA on competitive intensity?"
"1982."
"”This idea is illustrated by means of the symmetry approach to the committee decision problem as formulated by Van den Bogaard and Versiuis [van den Bogaard, P. J. M., J. Versluis."
"s, S) Policies for a dynamic inventory model with stochastic lead times."
"In addition, our reminders are cost-free to implement, showing the potential importance of such interventions in enhancing prosocial compliance in P2P lending."
"Because learning is passive (that is, learning takes place only as a by-product of actions that have a different purpose), incomplete learning and poor long-run profit performance can result."
"Motivated by applications in the computer and food catering service industries, we study an integrated scheduling model of production and distribution operations."
"The models considered are the triangular model with total probability constraints and the block triangular model with conditional probability constraints."
"A realistic decision-making situation was developed based on the simulation of a tactical military operation."
"and deterministic variables (demographic components of barrio canine populations)."
"Theory and methods are developed which retrieve, from these two quantities, operationally useful information on the unduplicated audience, the average exposure frequency, and the frequency distribution of audience exposure of the combination."
"Numerical experiments are conducted to demonstrate the advantages of our approach."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"We show that the buyer’s involvement can have a significant impact on the profits of both parties and of the supply chain as a whole, and he cannot cede the responsibility of quality improvement to the supplier in many cases."
"We investigate how such a multichannel or omnichannel retailer should decide the number and size of physical stores."
"Our main result is that most of the subjects are risk vulnerable: 81% chose a less risky portfolio when exposed to background risk."
"Book Reviews—P. Huard, Mathématique des programmes économiques: monographies de recherche opérationnelle."
"These results are interpreted using the properties of the Value Equation."
"To address this paradox, this paper proposes that the unit of law-of-effect can be extended from a decision level to a strategy level (i.e., a group of planned decisions)."
"Solution of ordinary differential equations."
"We provide large sample evidence that past price extremes influence investors' trading decisions."
"In such customer-intensive services, the interaction between quality and speed is critical."
"However, considerably less attention has been paid to learned characteristics of relationships that affect the decision to seek information from other people."
"This paper is concerned with one such alternative use."
"While the mainstream of Western economic thought believes in competitive markets, the Schumpeterian school considers concentrated industry to be the ideal vehicle for the advancement of industrial technology."
"Naval Res."
"We explore policies to promote sustained improvement in financial as well as nonfinancial measures of performance."
"Many methods have been developed to determine the proper reorder points and order quantities in an inventory system."
"The current discussion over the effectiveness of creating small, independent, and entrepreneurial venture units in multi-business corporations is part of this larger structural concern."
"Furthermore, starting in the mid-1990s (when aggregate mutual fund equity ownership is significantly higher), stocks traded by career-concerned herds of fund managers in response to analyst recommendation changes experience a significant same-quarter price impact, followed by a sharp subsequent price reversal."
"Production/transportation times are constant."
"This note fills that omission."
"If conventional accounting is viewed as focusing on an odometer of a car, momentum accounting is analogous to focusing on its speedometer and attributing the change in its reading to impulses that are judged to be responsible for the change."
"We test the framework using MBA students in a quasi-field setting, the Markstrat2 simulation game."
"—Editorial by Ivan M. Siroyezhin, Head, Laboratory of Mathematics in Economics, Leningrad University, Leningrad, U.S.S.R."
"Firms face a trade-off between patenting, thereby disclosing innovation, and secrecy."
"248—reviewed by Van Maren King;—Jan Zielenewski. “"
"This paper was accepted by Peter Wakker, decision analysis."
"Our model predicts that a larger market and/or a more differentiated product results in a higher proportion of FMS firms being sustained."
"We find that the new checks introduce latency to order flow and force some latency-sensitive strategies out of the market."
"The algorithm is applied to two applications."
"We then test alternative explanations to the observed empirical differences and show that none of them is supported by the data."
"Firms that were early movers into management advisory services (MAS) and those that emphasized growth in MAS over growth in the traditional audit and tax services enjoyed significantly higher productivity growth than their peers."
"As part of this algorithm, they presented a method for detecting certain weakly-efficient vertices called break points."
"In this paper, the multi-stage problem is first modeled analytically to indicate the potential errors inherent in the commonly proposed single-pass, stage-by-stage approaches (e.g., Wagner-Whitin)."
"We find that adoption of open communication standards is associated with the formation of arm's-length alliances, and modularity of IT architecture is associated with the formation of joint ventures."
"This paper studies a key driver of the demand for the products and services of the global IT industry—returns from IT investments."
"The present inquiry into the problem of measuring organizational hierarchy begins with the selection of three central dimensions of organization: the hierarchy of skills, the hierarchy of rewards, and the hierarchy of authority."
"The method is based on the equivalence of the general network flow problem to a network flow problem in a bipartite network of a special form."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"The same, or a similar, idea might be generated multiple times, because parallel exploration processes typically operate without information about the ideas that have already been identified."
"This paper uses case studies of shop-floor problem-solving at three automotive assembly plants to examine organizational influences on process quality improvement."
"I do not believe that either of these assumptions is valid as applied to the current conflict between the U.S. and the Soviet Union."
"When the data for decision-making purposes are the result of a statistical sample, management has an objective measure of the quality of the data on which the decision may be made."
"A reply to Hazell, P. B. R. 1970."
"Habits are critical to generate positive real premia by altering the comovement of real rates and productivity shocks."
"These continuously updated response patterns are then used to guide the system to a social optimum."
"Before investing in capacity, the firm issues the optimal amount of debt, trading off the tax benefit and lower transaction cost of debt financing against the cost of financial distress and the agency cost associated with leverage."
"This paper analyzes the role played by brand loyalty in determining optimal price promotional strategies used by firms in a competitive setting. ("
"2001, 2002, 2004), Garlappi et al. ("
"A follow-up study examines whether an explanation of how risk quantities inform recommendations can substitute for providing the risk quantities in the forecast."
"The primary purpose of this report is to point up the interrelations found among selected conflicting company objectives, the criteria by which one may evaluate alternate course of action indicated by each of the stated objectives, and some methods for reducing similar problems to a reasonable size, susceptible of analysis by available mathematical techniques."
"Potential mechanisms include present-biased preferences and sentiment-related projection bias."
"This paper extends the model to consider how investors organize to overcome managerial agency in resource evaluation."
"Dynamic pricing is designed to increase the revenues or profits of firms by adjusting prices in response to changes in the marginal value of capacity."
"This is a particular case of the general problem of ordering in the face of an uncertain future demand."
"This feature of conservatism, however, causes the manager to manipulate the accounting system to mislead the board and distort its decisions."
"A one standard deviation increase in the brokerage degree of a deceased star is associated with a 10% decrease in annual publications of his coauthor."
"These illustrate that the media model may in fact approximate aggregate response behavior quite well for the purpose of practical applications even though it does not explicitly consider individual audience overlap patterns."
"This paper was accepted by Yan Chen, decision analysis."
"A major problem in foundries is to select scrap alloys and pure metals in order to produce at minimum cost alloy of specified composition."
"It is shown that this branching process decision model can account for immigration, that it can be viewed as a controlled population process or infinite particle system, and that it has a number of applications including marketing and biology."
"Our investigation differs from those reported previously, in that the objective in balancing each line is to determine the minimum number of work stations for a given limit on the time available for assembly at each work station (the cycle time)."
"We address the problem of designing multi-item procurement auctions for a monopsonistic buyer in capacity-constrained environments."
"Thus, for instance, consider the investment decisions of management in the period under review—i.e., 1899-1939."
"However, the application of the stochastic model has been limited because of the absence of insightful analytical results on the model."
"According to an outcome-based rebate contract between Amgen and Harvard Pilgrim Healthcare, if a patient on Repatha suffers a heart attack or a stroke, both patient and insurer are refunded the cost of the drug."
"While it provides excellent descriptions of behavior, existing consumer research on information seeking and processing largely fails to explain why consumers engage in various types of activities."
"The impact of Craigslist's entry on the classified-ad side appears to propagate to other sides of the newspapers' market."
"The output from this step is a relatively small set of policy alternatives that are sufficiently attractive that they deserve a more thorough evaluation."
"Firms that establish reputations for hiring young workers and promoting those who succeed lose good workers to competitors but can pay less to young, inexperienced workers in exchange."
"Instead, we provide evidence that expanding the menu of choices or making an agent aware of choices that she has been denied can affect how a contract is valued."
"The insight for management: Some investors are inattentive to the stale nature of the information included in the LEI releases, instead interpreting it as new information, and thereby causing temporary yet significant mispricing."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2683.This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"The attractive feature of this model is that it takes into account both covariate and time effects on the call volume intensity, and in so doing, enables us to assess the effectiveness of different advertising strategies along with predicting the arrival patterns."
"These results suggests that limited strategic thinking rather than equilibrium reasoning may be a better explanation for naïve moviegoer behavior."
"Here the “weakness” of coupling and the “almost-independence” is measured by the number of state variables at one stage which depend on the variables of the preceding stage."
"We examine firm and industry characteristics associated with outsourcing and the relation between outsourcing and capital structure using a unique database of outsourcing purchase contracts."
"Long-distance telephone companies in the United States pay access fees to local telephone companies to transport calls that originate and terminate on their networks."
"Our results also have an important implication for the general study of social choice processes."
"The electronic companion is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2952.This paper was accepted by Noah Gans, optimization."
"Finally, even without customer heterogeneity, it is still optimal for the firm to offer a variety of services under 2-SPT, driven by operational efficiency improvement, whereas under FIFO the service line collapses to a single service."
"We find that the methods and measures can help management assess the technological and market leverage achieved from the firm's present and past product platforms."
"Finally, we show that measures of high-income consumer confidence and art market sentiment predict art price trends."
"None of the models fully accounted for these data."
"However, competitors who were themselves celebrity endorsement intensive fared relatively worse than those who were not endorsement intensive, and that difference also correlates day by day with news/search intensity regarding the scandal."
"An extension of the approach is also discussed where the assessment of commonalities and differences between different kinds of organizations with respect to some theoretical model is of interest."
"This bias is interpreted in terms of the increased salience and availability of attributes that are spelled out in more detail."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1967, $10.50, 432 pp—reviewed by Norbert Lloyd Enrick;—Likert, Rensis, The Human Organization: Its Management and Value."
"Also, compared to established novelty drivers, this effect appears highly relevant from a managerial perspective: we find that including problem solvers from analogous markets versus the target market accounts for almost two-thirds of the well-known effect of involving lead users instead of average problem solvers."
"The 187 participants in the experiment, which ran for four weeks and yielded 748 person-week observations, revealed a preference for about two remote working days per week."
"This information can also be used to identify and target special-problem areas."
"The models account for uncertainty both in the costs and benefits associated with the investment opportunity."
"For a set of project networks of relatively simple structure, the efficacy of several heuristic decision rules is tested via simulation."
"failure"
"However, customers differ, so the delay tolerances for successive customers are random."
"It is shown that the problem variables, on the trajectory of minima of the sequence of unconstrained functions, can be developed as functions of a single parameter."
"We provide field experimental evidence of the effects of monitoring in a context where productivity is multidimensional and only one dimension is monitored and incentivized."
"Some numerical results on the CRYSTAL multicomputer are presented to illustrate this decomposition feature."
"Our formulation is particularly suited to estimating reaction to pricing, where individual-level monotonicity is justified theoretically and empirically, but linearity is typically not."
"Under a consignment contract with revenue sharing, a supplier decides on the retail price and delivery quantity for his product, and retains ownership of the goods; for each item sold, the retailer deducts a percentage from the selling price and remits the balance to the supplier."
"Administrators themselves have developed a complex jargon which is likely to be as mystifying to the social scientists as is the latter's to them."
"Most existing portfolio choice models ignore the prevalent periodic market closure and the fact that market volatility is significantly higher during trading periods."
"Although stochastic production models are not commonly used in process design, this paper shows how a combined engineering/production model can facilitate a concurrent design approach to reduce cost in bioprocess development."
"We also find that eponymous firms are more conditionally conservative."
"However, requiring the server to be patient, instead of having it rove, might be more realistic."
"A multi-stage assembly system is a special case of Veinott's general multi-facility system in that each facility may have any number of predecessors but at most a single successor."
"Furthermore, IVS can forecast macroeconomic news up to one year ahead."
"The insight for management: The net difference between the production capacity and component inventory levels relative to the short-term forecast is critical to making optimal order acceptance decisions."
"In addition, the results support the idea that domestic mobility and international mobility are similarly conducive to learning-by-hiring."
"They find a convex, nonlinear relationship between a product firm's fraction of total sales coming from services and its overall operating margins."
"A number of alternative data-generating processes are explored for mail-order demands for seasonal style-goods."
"There are several inequality constraints."
"Forecasting the mean returns vector and the covariance matrix is a key feature in implementing portfolio theory."
"Based on the results of the simulation, the authors develop a model selection heuristic that identifies the correct market in 81% of the experimental conditions."
"An extension of this use is presented in the form of an algorithm which requires interaction with the relevant decision-maker in order to obtain certain information regarding his utility function defined over the permissible values of the criteria."
"First-period decision errors corresponding to a one per cent error in each of the cost coefficients are given numerically, together with first-period losses."
"The manager's role was found to be crucial in project success through his/her diagnosis of the conditions calling for task oriented behaviors."
"This paper uses an analytical model to examine the consequences of add-on pricing when firms are both horizontally and vertically differentiated and there is a segment of boundedly rational consumers who are unaware of the add-on fees at the time of initial purchase."
"Response-focused EQ in combination with conformance quality also results in reduced readmission rates."
"We first examine a monopolist's investment decision, analyzing the path dependence of its investment and the effect of uncertainty."
"These results yield interesting managerial and public policy implications."
"Finally, we interpret evidence that prior experience in small firms predicts positive performance outcomes in the early stages of entrepreneurship as suggesting that workers in small firms may develop entrepreneurial human capital that makes them better entrepreneurs."
"It does so both for the case when there are multiple such transferable decisions for a single agent, and for the case when there are many agents and one transferable decision for each."
"We assume that each one of the retailers faces a constant, retailer specific, demand rate and that inventory is charged only at the retailers but not at the depot."
"This model (SIMSWISS) is based on a representation of the most important sectors of the Swiss politico-economic system, with special emphasis on their connections to the outside."
"First, we hope that it will be useful to doctoral students and researchers interested in understanding what questions have been addressed in Management Science in the area of innovation."
"The basic properties of these policies are demonstrated under the assumption that future market prices are viewed as random variables."
"On the other hand, when no information about worker ability was given to the manager, there was no difference in compensation choice for the worker."
"Model results indicate zero to very little penetration for several of the proposed projects."
"Several organizations have developed ongoing crowdsourcing communities that repeatedly collect ideas for new products and services from a large, dispersed “crowd” of nonexperts (consumers) over time."
"The problems of gathering information and the condition of optimum for the alternatives 2 and 3 are discussed."
"Strong consistency is also established for a variant of the scaled algorithm with Kesten's acceleration."
"A fire department, in order to balance equitably its resources throughout a city, must consider several often conflicting objectives."
"The results also show that longer interpurchase times are associated with larger purchase amounts and a greater risk of leaving the firm."
"We then demonstrate how that framework can be applied to facilitate revenue optimization when staffing and abandonment costs are incurred."
"This is a survey paper on the application of control variables to increase the efficiency of discrete event simulations."
"Production planning over time and the nature of the expectation and planning horizon."
"After the message, the sender and the receiver play a simultaneous 2×2 game, in which the sender may or may not play according to his message."
"This paper presents an introductory survey for this special issue of Management Science on electronic markets."
"This classic decision affects all industries and has given rise to outsourcing, offshoring, and the title chief sourcing officer."
"A systematically organized method of writing can improve an organization's communications."
"Using a gift-exchange experiment, we show that the ability of reciprocity to overcome incentive problems inherent in principal–agent settings is greatly reduced when the agent’s effort is distorted by random shocks and transmitted imperfectly to the principal."
"We have used the term “implementation” to refer to the manner in which the results of scientific effort may come to be used by the manager."
"The authors study retailers who are strategic in how they provide such information, and customers are strategic in the way they interpret information and their resulting purchase decisions."
"In practice, however, such stability is rare, because the composition and structure of teams often change over time (e.g., between projects)."
"The first is to estimate the asymptotic value that OLS beta approaches as the differencing interval is lengthened without bound."
"The researcher and the manager: A dialectic of implementation."
"This paper expands the literature by examining how introducing forgetfulness into a multiplayer game-theoretic framework can help or hinder cooperative behavior."
"They find that ISVs with a greater stock of formal IPR (such as patents and copyrights), and those with stronger downstream capabilities (as measured by trademarks and consulting services) are more likely to join the platform, suggesting that these mechanisms are effective in protecting ISVs from the threat of expropriation."
"In this paper an attempt is made to formulate a simple mathematical model which concentrates on the individual's creative output (Section 2); Section 3 contains some brief hints on how to apply it in the framework of an organization."
"Based on a large sample of 99 pharmaceutical brands in four clinical categories and four European countries, we test for the empirical relevance of the propositions and assess the magnitude of the different sources of marketing-induced performance volatility."
"The transportation plan minimizing the total transportation costs plus total expected penalty cost of both kinds is to be found."
"History indicates that this intraindustry heterogeneity did not exist prior to 1940."
"Focusing on specific uses, we conclude that the MCD model is a good although imperfect description of patrol operations in New York and is a potentially useful planning tool for many other urban police departments."
"Dynam."
"Managers of construction projects, maintenance activities, auditing contracts, software shops, etc."
"A significant body of research demonstrates that meals and honoraria from pharmaceutical firms to physicians leads to higher prescribing of expensive, brand name drugs, despite little difference in efficacy."
"Consequently, the auditor may be required to aggregate the evaluation of system parts into a statement as to the performance of the system or major subsystem as a whole in addition to the reports currently made to management on the adequacy of internal control."
"We demonstrate that the proposed model can predict not only which users are likely to be job seeking at any point in time but also what activities on the platform are associated with job search and how long the users have been job seeking."
"We provide an illustrative application of the model to three real-world settings."
"Furthermore an attempt is made to clarify (by means of this Method of Neutralizing Systems) the longstanding controversy of value neutrality of science and of our own discipline."
"Comparisons of guidance months to nonguidance months show that guidance issuance affects the magnitude and not just the daily distribution of negative returns."
"However, an overload of social media content in product search engines can hinder consumers from efficiently seeking information."
"This paper considers the problem of finding a production schedule, in terms of how much to produce in each period, that minimizes the total cost of supplying known market requirements for a single product."
"This paper develops a method for choosing advertising media plans for the next T-periods in order to maximize net discounted profits."
"The insight for management: Adoption of carbon capture of fossil fuel plants will require governmental emissions charges and higher energy prices."
"Similarly, longer decision horizons give firms incentive to receive the benefits of collusion over a longer period."
"In a longitudinal cross validation, the statistical forecast (PromoCast™) predicted the exact number of cases of merchandise needed in 49% of the promotion events and was within ± one case in 82% of the events."
"However, when the duration of any activity is a random variable, it is not easy to identify the criticality of each activity."
"We incorporate information flow between a supplier and a retailer in a two-echelon model that captures the capacitated setting of a typical supply chain."
"This paper concerns a class of network location problems with minimum or maximum separation requirements between (uncapacitated) facilities or between demand points and the facilities, or both."
"failure"
"Price announcements—similar to the ones made by tech firms at media events—are effective in deterring innovation."
"This paper was accepted by Eric Anderson, marketing."
"Many subjects who decline multiple plays of such a gamble will accept it when shown the resulting distribution."
"This introduces the \"revenue-maximization option\" of commonality as a second benefit that is independent of the traditional risk-pooling benefit. \""
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"We prove that, in the worst case, the ratio between the cost of the optimal direct shipping policy and the optimal cost of the problem in which routing is allowed—i.e., the worst-case performance bound of this policy—is not greater than two whenever the unit volume on each link is not lower than 1/4 of the vehicle capacity."
"Its determination is discussed both from an experimental and from a theoretical point of view."
"We prove that under general conditions the objective function is supermodular and componentwise convex."
"Anticipating the introduction of the new product and the potential markdown of the old product, strategic customers may delay their purchases."
"Cambridge, Mass.: The M.I.T. Press, 1969, 123 pp;—Churchman, C. West, The Systems Approach."
"A flexible manufacturing system (FMS) is an integrated, computer-controlled complex of automated material handling devices and numerically controlled machine tools that can simultaneously process medium-sized volumes of a variety of part types."
"Hence, the requester–provider coordinating contract can be considered as an improvement over FFS for the entire system."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"The findings show that: (1) the organizational process factors studied are associated with achievement of operational outcome targets for product quality, unit cost, and time-to-market; (2) achievement of operational outcomes aids the achievement of market outcomes, in turn suggesting that development capabilities are indeed valuable firm resources; and (3) these relationships are robust under conditions of technological, market, and environmental uncertainty."
"The Midwest Administration Center, 1958, $3.00. ("
"The results indicate that the heuristic produces significant computational saving as the size of the network grows, and that the quality of the reduced network solutions are better than those obtained from the original formulation."
"Recognizing this weakness, we enrich the approach by modeling a phenomenon previously ignored."
"A major problem in forecasting is estimating the time of some future event."
"Specialists become managers and executives in order to perform “professional” functions."
"Through comparative statics, we show the overproduction is mitigated by the degree of competition in the industry, the manager’s current equity stake in the firm, and the precision of cost information."
"There are several inequality constraints."
"By Raymond Villers."
"Its value to the buyer is privately known, distributed independently of the seller’s value according to a distribution that is common knowledge."
"The early consumers can make a rational inference from the firm’s price about its cost and quality taking into account the firm’s profit incentive from the later informed consumers."
"This paper, however, focuses on a different set of situations: the model developed suggests that an innovator's best strategy may be to encourage “clones” of its product when a network externality is present."
"The algorithm is basically an adaptation of the simplex method to the case of non-linear constraints."
"Players are more reluctant to trust in later stages than in earlier ones and are more trustworthy if they are certain of the trustee’s intention."
"An advantage of the process is that it avoids perverse incentives for a capacity provider to increase congestion."
"Competition arises because of brand substitution; that is, some consumers may switch to another brand if their “preferred” brand is out of stock."
"These results suggest that accelerators help resolve uncertainty around company quality sooner, allowing founders to make funding and exit decisions accordingly."
"Tests based on mispricing, proxied by a comprehensive set of 68 anomalies, and tick-by-tick trades, from a large proprietary institutional trading data set, corroborate the contribution of these channels."
"failure"
"The paper determines the range of applicability and computational merits of each model."
"Some of the implications of our analysis are not readily apparent."
"Improved forecast performance results."
"Lastly, a variety of trade-offs must be evaluated when selecting the particular process change to pursue."
"Of the approximately 100 references we list, roughly 60 date from 1978 or later; we focus upon work which deals directly with the network of interest, and which exploits the network structure."
"A numerical example is given to illustrate these results."
"In a series of incentivized laboratory experiments, we show that a large majority of participants either strongly underestimate the asymmetry or ignore it completely."
"Our results suggest that mobility is an important factor explaining differences in infection rates between high- and low-incomes areas within the city."
"Thus motivated, we visit the following problem: For a “generic” model of consumer choice (namely, distributions over preference lists) and a limited amount of data on how consumers actually make decisions (such as marginal information about these distributions), how may one predict revenues from offering a particular assortment of choices?"
"We show that this ex post moral hazard issue is a result of demand censoring."
"As one might imagine, an employee's true efforts are at best imprecisely captured by objective figures."
"The vector mode needs to exploit a specific dimension of the Monte Carlo experiment, namely the replicates of that experiment."
"The decision system is illustrated with an application to a specific crop planning problem faced by a vegetable processor."
"Our theory explains when the principal should take control over a particular decision (“control”) or should instead allow the agent to make the decision (“enable”)."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"We then describe a class of models that yields predictions consistent with these empirical patterns."
"Credible use of leadership styles requires either repeated interaction or a leader with the right social preferences."
"We apply our method to a large data set of eBay feedback."
"We focus on “gain-loss” incentive schemes that offer both an economic reward for goal attainment and a penalty for failure to meet a goal."
"Mixed-model assembly occurs when more than one model of the same general product are intermixed on one assembly line."
"In conclusion, it is claimed that the effective Organization will favor some sort of configuration—some type of a logically consistent clustering of its elements—as it searches for harmony in its internal processes and consonance with its environment."
"Besides the general overview of the meeting, following sections are presented: (A) Organization theory, (B) Computer systems, (C) Simulation, (D) Research and Development Management, (E) Measurements in Management, (F) Production and Inventory Management, (G) Management Games, (H) Long-Range Planning, (I) Managerial Economics, (J) Management Implication of Electronic Controls, (K) Contributed Papers."
"Differences among solutions are discussed using visual inspection as well as simple quantitative measures."
"There is ample evidence that real decision makers do not always behave (or even wish to behave) in this way, and instead they often distinguish between risk and uncertainty, as in Ellsberg’s (1961) paradox."
"Moreover, risk attitudes in our sample depend not only on economic conditions but also on cultural factors, as measured by the Hofstede dimensions individualism and uncertainty avoidance."
"We define acquisition efficiency as the total surplus generated by an acquisition and measure it as the difference in the value of the merged firm and the sum of the two firms operating separately."
"The first and second applications show that by reducing significantly the number of integrals to be evaluated, faster and more accurate algorithms can be developed for implementing the Geske-Johnson American put valuation formula and the Roll-Geske-Whaley American call formula; the third gives new economic insights into the valuation of disaggregated coupon bonds."
"FABLE also performs very favorably on a benchmark group of 64 test problems drawn from the literature, which are of up to 111 tasks each."
"The insight for management: While many people avoid lies even if they can help all parties, some people are more likely to lie at their own expense to help the other party."
"Restocking fees not only can be sustained in a competitive environment, but also are more severe when consumers are less informed about product fit and when consumers place a greater importance on how well products' attributes fit with their preferences."
"Moreover, the empirical studies also provide insights into the structural characteristics of neural networks with respect to the input data used as well as possible mechanisms to improve the learning performance."
"1961."
"Coordination behavior is studied experimentally in a class of noncooperative market entry games featuring symmetric players, complete information, zero entry costs, and several randomly presented values of the market capacity."
"The first is to inform patients about the availability of drugs for some ailments, thus expanding the market (constructive)."
"For a finite set of points, it is shown that the Wolfe dual is equivalent to a particular quadratic programming problem and that converse duality holds."
"This paper was accepted by Axel Ockenfels, decision analysis."
"failure"
"A nonlinear programming technique for the optimization of continuous processing systems."
"This relationship is more pronounced in younger fund managers."
"Quadratic programming as an extension of conventional quadratic maximization."
"In some competitions, performance evaluation includes a substantial subjective component."
"This solution is compared with the L.P. solutions obtained under the assumptions of constant demand and demand with discrete d.f."
"It offers new ideas and tools for representing the core elements of trust both within dyads and larger groups and presents an approach that makes trust measurable in a noncircular and predictive, rather than merely postdictive, fashion."
"In my third experiment, I explore whether the effect of mission-matching may arise through gift exchange: principals decide between choosing the mission or delegating the choice to the agent."
"Finally, contrary to prediction, competitors who have a high stake in the markets under attack by a competitive move react slowly."
"We build a theory that relates organizational phenomena to four different variables that govern the quality of the best ideas identified: (1) the average quality of ideas generated, (2) the number of ideas generated, (3) the variance in the quality of ideas generated, and (4) the ability of the group to discern the quality of the ideas."
"The prospect model is empirically compared to a utility model on two criteria, verification of the postulates of each model, and predictive accuracy."
"Decomposition of accuracy scores suggests that the greater judgment extremity of more epistemic events can manifest itself as a trade-off between enhanced resolution and diminished calibration."
"This note reanalyzes the following problem, formerly treated by Wilson (Wilson, R. B. 1967."
"We specify and estimate a fully structural econometric model for three firms constituting a distinct sub-market within a personal-care product category."
"We find that such increased innovation disclosure helps firms switch lenders, resulting in lower cost of debt, and facilitates their access to syndicated-loan and public capital markets."
"We interviewed over one-hundred individuals about all the pros and cons of using Internet commerce that they experienced or envisioned."
"That is, calibration committees are less likely to adjust the rating of a subordinate who is further removed from committee members in the organizational hierarchy."
"I hypothesize that one possible reason for this finding is the greater flexibility and tolerance to experimentation associated with arm’s length financing."
"Two major contributions are made to the problem of resource allocation to indivisible projects with uncertain outcomes: the concepts of preferential independence and utility independence for the space of discrete projects are defined, and a multiattribute utility theory is linked with mathematical programming for allocation."
"They are based on asymptotic properties of the standardized time series of observations from the process."
"The two solutions lead to different equilibrium relations between the compensation of underwriters of different quality on one hand and the time-varying demand for public incorporation on the other hand."
"Thus, even in this human capital–intensive profession, where capabilities and education are important assets, and productivity differentials can be observed, women earn less than men, though they contribute to the development of high-quality inventions as much as men do."
"Furthermore, looking at observational data on user traffic to Yelp from search engines, we find that Google’s exclusion of downstream competitors may have been effective."
"The Committee on Scientific Freedom and Responsibility of the American Association for the Advancement of Science announces the availability of its 1979 annual report describing current projects and interests of the Committee."
"Gradient search is used to find the compensation plan that will produce a long-run force with maximum effectiveness within a given limited annual budget."
"The bias can be alleviated via the inclusion of standard observables directly in the econometric specification, or through incorporating novel observables such as response time or neurobiological data."
"Now, five years later, the rush is on."
"In addition, a discussion of the use of electronic computers was given, with estimates of cost savings."
"These elements then become potential activities to be scheduled by a 0-1 integer programming algorithm."
"In this paper, we seek to identify policies that minimize the long-run average cost under nonlinear waiting cost functions within the set of fixed priority policies that only use the type identities of customers independently of the system state."
"We show how the difficulty posed by the (unknown a priori and possibly adversarial) nonstationarity can be overcome by an unconventional marriage between stochastic and adversarial bandit learning algorithms."
"In principle, such plans could motivate employees to perform both at a high level, based on objective criteria, and in accordance with company values, considered via managerial discretion."
"We prove general results on when a business strategy, modelled as a biform game, will be efficient."
"We offer two versions of this utility-based diffusion model, namely, the Bass-Gumbel Diffusion Model (BGDM) and the Bass-Logit Diffusion Model (BLDM), the latter of which has been previously used."
"Our results potentially offer healthcare providers and policymakers the impetus to alleviate drug shortages by mandating interruption reporting and improving operational transparency."
"We introduce a general framework that guides the management scientist's formulation of deterministic models of production processes."
"We explore the joint optimization of contract parameters and inventory control policy in such environments."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"The focus is broadcast news where, in any programming time period, a viewer watches (or consumes) one programme."
"We hypothesize that our approach captures deep-rooted differences in cultural, institutional, social, psychological, physiological, and other traits that cannot be captured by other recently measured indices of diversity."
"A well-known result in inventory theory is that physical centralization of stocks in a system with multiple retailers decreases total costs and increases total profits for the retailers."
"Consistency and optimality in Managerial decision making."
"There is some evidence that learning transfers across organizations: organizations beginning production later are more productive than those with early start dates."
"This is particularly a problem in lending and healthcare."
"We clarify that Prospect Theory, a prevalent framework for decision making under uncertainty, cannot explain the consistent empirical findings."
"The paywall policy changes we studied suppressed total content demand by about 9.9%, reducing total advertising revenue."
"Practicality of their data requirements is evidenced by use of one of the models for several years in a major oil company."
"Low growth in the global economy at the end of the year predicts higher returns over the following year."
"Systemic risk is therefore a natural consequence of banks’ fundamental role as delegated monitors."
"II.”"
"We model such systems as multiclass, multiserver queuing systems that are potentially unstable or in transient regime."
"We want to build n components so as to form an n component system which will function if at least k of the components function."
"Our model focuses on a class of products with the following two features: (i) products that build on a common fundamental technology (e.g., computer processor, car, smartphone, etc.)"
"Objectives of such siting methodologies are specified and attributes developed to measure the degree of attainment of each objective."
"Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2616.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"he feels that we cannot ignore the nonquantitative factors in human relations."
"Net contribution to present worth declines with asset age, and represents a concept of depreciation that generally may not coincide with market valuation in exchange."
"Numerical examples show that the effect of brand competition on the system is not so significant and the transfer of holding cost to the vendor is the key incentive for the retailer's adoption of VMI."
"A production plan comprises the sequencing of coils and the scheduling of color tanks and setup work."
"The results obtained in applying the program to small scale problems have been equal to or better than those provided by the alternative methods considered."
"I define a measure of organizational IQ and test whether it is related to financial and market success using data from the fast-moving information technology industry."
"For both models Laplace-Stieltjes transforms of the occupation period, vacation period and waiting time are derived and generating functions of the number of units in the system are calculated."
"The closed-loop advertising expenditures are proportional to the open-loop advertising expenditures and to the square of the competitor's actual market share."
"Stochastic dominance conditions are given for n-variate utility functions, when k-variate risk aversion is assumed for k = 1, 2, …, n. These conditions are expressed through a comparison of distribution functions, as in the well-known univariate case, and through a comparison of random variables defined on the same probability space."
"Clustering may facilitate scale efficiencies in both monitoring and supervision, resulting in reduced agency costs and improved application of the chain's business model."
"is to our meta-theory of decision-making as the concept of a lottery [Pratt, J. W., H. Raiffa, R. Schlaifer."
"Examples of self-financing portfolios are hedges, overlays, arbitrage portfolios, swaps, and long/short portfolios."
"In equilibrium, a large proportion of FMS firms is associated with more concentrated markets."
"I find evidence that the existence of internal mechanisms for handling complaints, requirements for fair treatment, supervisory power related to consumer protection, and various disclosure requirements reduce the cost of financial intermediation in advanced countries."
"The service level is based on percent of demand supplied during lead time and is consistent with current USAF methodology."
"A dialectical approach to strategic planning."
"The presentation is based upon a content analysis of 354 articles published in Management Science, January 1955 through September 1964, upon the classes of O. R. problems suggested by Professor Russell Ackoff in his Manager's Guide to Operations Research."
"The decision problems involved in setting the aggregate production rate of a factory and setting the size of its work force are frequently both complex and difficult."
"Furthermore, for nonconvex instances, ISCENT is shown to be significantly more efficient than other standard global solvers."
"Computations for a discrete version of the problem are performed to compare the expected costs of both approximations with the optimal."
"This study examines how linguistically induced time perception relates to cross-country variation in investment efficiency."
"Our findings also emphasize the need to look beyond the previous period, as in much current research, and consider how customers have evolved over their entire relationship in order to predict their future actions."
"7–8."
"To explore the apparent paradox we develop a detailed simulation model of Analog, including operations, financial and cost accounting, product development, human resources, the competitive environment, and the financial markets."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2667.This paper was accepted by Assaf Zeevi, stochastic models and simulation."
"The relationship between investment in information technology (IT) and its effect on organizational performance continues to interest academics and practitioners."
"Basic lunar scientific objectives, as determined by NASA interdisciplinary panels, serve as inputs to the system."
"Most importantly, we find that although it is possible for quick response and enhanced design to be either complements or substitutes, the complementarity effect tends to dominate."
"Surprisingly, we have null findings for basal testosterone, estradiol, and cortisol for both males and females."
"1966."
"A great many similarities are found between the results of the two methods but a number of striking dissimilarities are observed."
"Our results suggest an alternative explanation for observed variations in the mean arrival rate to a queueing system, which are often modeled by means of a random exogenous (e.g., Markovian) environment process."
"Our results highlight the risks of ignoring the role of disequilibrium dynamics and bounded rationality in shaping competitive outcomes, and demonstrate how both can be incorporated into strategic analysis to form a dynamic, behavioral game theory amenable to rigorous analysis."
"The optimal allocation policy involves a hurdle rate criterion in which the hurdle rate is strictly in excess of the cost of capital, thus inducing rationing in some states of the world."
"This statistic is a measure of the exposure to danger of the first officer to arrive at the scene."
"This customer response to visual queue elements is not currently accounted for in most queuing models."
"The buyer either waits for at least one more period or agrees to purchase the good at the given price."
"A journal not only serves as a basis of communication for its time, but also as a monument of effort for some future age."
"This approach implies elimination of much of the current subject matter of business school curricula."
"However, when a correlated (systemic) shock hits, the total liquid resources in the banking system are lower than in autarky."
"The order arrives after a fixed lead time, and is then allocated among the several locations. ("
"Using panel data on senior management positions, we show that changes in the structure of the executive team are tightly linked to changes in firm diversification and information technology investments."
"This study links various characteristics of actions with the total number and the time lag of competitors' responses."
"The model is essentially designed to study short-run effects, and hence no provision is made for the expansion of either industrial or transportation capacities."
"The LTM was presented by Rabinowitz et al. ("
"A Monte Carlo simulation study of the empirical likelihood ratio test shows superior small-sample properties compared with various generalized method of moments tests."
"Contrary to the notion that university research largely generates new ideas for industrial R&D projects, the survey responses demonstrate that public research both suggests new R&D projects and contributes to the completion of existing projects in roughly equal measure overall."
"In the special case of symmetric caches, simple algorithms are devised to find the optimal social welfare allocation, the best pure equilibrium, and the prices for sharing objects."
"failure"
"In this paper, we investigate how market competition contributes to the expression of overconfidence among those competing for influence."
"Markets for information goods in which products are vertically differentiated lack the segmentation inherent in markets for industrial goods."
"Once this has been done, via subjective probabilities, use of the cooperative move in iterated Prisoner's Dilemma games can often be justified."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, finance."
"We show that the robust counterpart of a linear optimization problem with ϕ-divergence uncertainty is tractable for most of the choices of ϕ typically considered in the literature."
"Our experimental results show that the number of winning prizes impacts behavior."
"This is a new epistemological approach to the inexact sciences."
"The paper summarizes briefly what is known about the direct use of models by bidders and auction designers."
"Decisions are often made under conditions of uncertainty about the actions of supposedly-rational competitors."
"Price protection is a commonly used practice between manufacturers and retailers in the personal computer (PC) industry, motivated by drastic declines of product values during the product life cycle."
"First, we perform an analysis of the entire class of models which have been used in the literature."
"We use Markov models for systems with exponential processing times and simulation-based methods for other probability distributions."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"The model incorporates the major components of credit and collection policies such as the cash discount, credit period and charges for late payments."
"A market diffusion model is developed that incorporates negative word-of-mouth associated with new product failure, resulting from premature introduction."
"Thus, the regulator needs to make the road closure decisions so that the total risk resulting from the carriers' route choices is minimized."
"More generally, altering customers’ tipping behavior will not itself adversely affect those customers’ subsequent satisfaction, repatronage, or spending, as long as the means used to alter tipping do not directly affect these other outcomes."
"The underlying demand framework combines a general, nonparametric discrete choice model with a Bernoulli process of arrivals over time."
"How man works."
"These perceived transitional levers, however, typically prove inaccurate or incomplete."
"Specifically, we find modest and short-lived increases in physical activity for those provided the choice of gain-loss incentives."
"This paper transfers the concept of Gollier and Pratt's (Gollier, C., J. W. Pratt."
"A bargaining set modeled along the lines of the Aumann-Maschler bargaining set for characteristic function games is defined for committee games."
"A sensitivity analysis was performed on the rate of return of this project using simulation."
"In most coating stages one can choose between two parallel color tanks."
"Loss aversion expands the range of optimal constant policies; however, if satisfying experiences are more salient, then firms should constantly vary service levels."
"Descriptively, all have been questioned, but often the inferences involved have confounded preference and structural rationality."
"Such a theory is outlined in this paper."
"Despite the centrality of the concept of the organization to widely-accepted definitions of MIS, the results suggest that MIS research is not well-grounded in organization theory nor have MIS research results been widely diffused in the organizational literature."
"This note presents a characterization of the Lagrangian subgradients under general conditions."
"Personalization based on short-term history or within-session behavior is shown to be less valuable than long-term or across-session personalization."
"Some management science models require estimates of distances between points in a road network based on the point coordinates."
"Management Science Vol."
"This result suggests a more nuanced view on whether stock market pressure hampers innovation, and may have implications for optimal firm financing choices and corporate disclosure policy."
"It applies two standard approaches to the measurement of power in simple games: the Shapley-Shubik and the Banzhaf power indices."
"The model can also be used to evaluate the asset value of a firm's customer base."
"We analyze a panel data set in which subjects have collectively answered more than 400 surveys including 15 time-preference and 36 risk-preference elicitations."
"We develop a multipass search model that jointly endogenizes search in both dimensions; our model nests a finite horizon model of search across stores within an infinite horizon model of intertemporal search."
"A heuristic procedure, which extends the Common Cycle approach for a single processor, is suggested and computational results are reported."
"Finally, we incorporate the option of abandoning the project when the surprise occurs, and show that higher salvage values for the project lead to earlier optimal commitment times."
"The case studies focus particularly on the early stages of the problem-solving process—problem definition, problem analysis, and the generation of solutions—emphasizing how each plant tries to identify the “root cause” of defects."
"A single server provides FIFO services commencing at time 0."
"McGraw Hill, 159–176.]."
"This paper examines the conditions under which exploration of a new, incompatible technologyis conducive to firm growth in the presence of network externalities."
"We use a traditional market-response model to extract information from continuous variables and use datamining techniques on the residuals to extract information from the many-valued nominal variables, such as the manufacturer or merchandise category."
"This similarity can result from latent homophily or social influence, as well as common exogenous factors."
"Finally, a dynamic learning model is proposed where customer expectations regarding their waiting time are formed through accumulated experience."
"A problem is considered where jobs arrive at random times and assume random values, or importance."
"We develop a new approximation for this distribution, and perform extensive computational tests of existing approximations."
"The authors evaluate the effect of introducing a female gender quota in an environment where high-performing women fail to enter competitions they can win because they are discouraged."
"Then the second phase determines the total amount to be shipped or received at each activity."
"We show that the dominance relation over beliefs falls between these two: it is immune to the more severe fallacious inconsistency, but not to the less problematic fallible inconsistency."
"In this paper our concern centers on the supply of services."
"$10;—Terborgh, George, Business Investment Management: A MAPI Study and Manual."
"We study approximation methods for these optimizations via simulation and analysis of variance."
"This paper gives a detailed description of an algorithm for the solution of a specialized Linear Programming model, to be called the Machine Loading model."
"We investigate the effects of organizational culture and personal values on performance under individual and team contest incentives."
"This paper was accepted by Karl Diether, finance."
"Others pursue external responsibility initiatives (such as philanthropy or cause-related marketing)."
"Washington, D.C: Machinery and Allied Products Institute and Council for Technological Advancement, 1967, 357 pp.,"
"This paper was accepted by Sandra Slaughter, information systems."
"Obviously, the determination of such optimum is impossible unless a certain attitude towards risk is adopted."
"A method is given for determining the probability distributions of overflows in a cell of size 2k, and the mean value and variance of these distributions as functions of the growth of the system."
"Examples of such systems include intelligence systems, communications systems, management information systems, decision support systems, and administrative control systems."
"To survive, firms must respond to these new markets."
"The system facilitates the testing of proposed competitive scenarios for stability and permits the consequences of scenarios to be predicted in the market share, profit and other terms that are familiar to manager users."
"This paper argues that online consumer review, a type of product information created by users based on personal usage experience, can serve as a new element in the marketing communications mix and work as free “sales assistants” to help consumers identify the products that best match their idiosyncratic usage conditions."
"Good planners are continuously asking the most searching, radical, and ridiculous questions (e.g.: Should banks be involved in the handling of cash?"
"The CDT model rests on the total balance method of aging dollars and, as presented, its answers cannot wisely be applied to estimate real dollar amounts."
"We provide a good-practice checklist for shock-IV design with panel data, much of which also applies to DID designs."
"This paper was accepted by Sampath Rajagopalan, operations and supply chain management."
"In most policy analysis studies there are a large number of alternative policies and a large number of impacts to be considered."
"New York: St. Martin's Press, 1969, 455 pp.,"
"Little is known, though, when autocorrelation is introduced into interarrival times or service demands, resulting in loss of analytical tractability."
"It will be shown that under certain conditions, mentioned presently, the optimal inventory policy is of the following simple type: order a fixed amount whenever the level of stock plus outstanding orders reaches a certain level."
"Alternative forecasting models are evaluated by developing tradeoff curves between inventory investment and customer service."
"The planner has to leave off being a precise scientist."
"However, we still know very little about how decision makers form and update their reference points given a sequence of information."
"The measurement of customer lifetime value is important because it is used as a metric in evaluating decisions in the context of customer relationship management."
"Performance Appraisals and the Impact of Forced Distribution—An Experimental Investigation (p. 54)Johannes Berger, Christine Harbring, Dirk SliwkaWorking hard, or hardly working?"
"Analysts rely on EDGAR in 24% of their estimate updates with an average of eight filings viewed."
"It is an attempt to provide a means of attaining thereby an objective understanding of the implications of actual Federal Reserve liquidity policy on the actions and opportunities of banking institutions."
"The paper concludes with a similar model which does not, however, include time as an explicit parameter."
"Research within the “heuristics and biases” tradition suggests that probability judgments respond primarily to case-specific evidence and disregard aggregate characteristics of the class to which the case belongs, resulting in predictable biases."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"Family firms’ better treatment of their employees is also evident when we use a difference-in-difference test to exploit changes in family firm status due to (sudden) deaths of family members and firms’ inclusion in Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” list to identify employee-friendly treatment."
"Intelligent problem-solving, whether by man or by machine, implies selective rather than just rapid behavior."
"Theoretically, occupations involving tasks that are “tradable,” such as tasks that require little personal communication or hands-on interaction with U.S.-based objects, are vulnerable to being moved offshore."
"1965."
"182, $4.75—reviewed by William M. Evan;—Modern Organization Theory, by Mason Haire, Editor."
"—Editorial about education for marketing science—The Mailbag (a letter to the Editor by Gerald R. McNichols, Burke, Virginia)"
"Misinformation has emerged as a major societal challenge in the wake of the 2016 U.S. elections, Brexit, and the COVID-19 pandemic."
"For unobservable systems, we prove that the game is supermodular, and we then identify a broad class of learning rules—which includes both fictitious play and Cournot best response—that converges to herding in finite time."
"In this paper, we take a data-analytics approach and develop an optimization model to determine the optimal appointment schedule in the presence of potential walk-ins."
"We show that a model featuring an average commodity factor, a carry factor, and a momentum factor is capable of describing the cross-sectional variation of commodity returns."
"Moreover, we show that the optimal highest-bidder lottery is a 2-approximation of the (unknown) optimal mechanism, whereas the best second-price auction fails to provide any constant-factor approximation guarantee."
"The interest in capital equipment analysis that has been evident in the business literature of the past five years is the product of numerous social, economic, and business developments of the postwar period."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Efficient branch-and-bound algorithms are developed, and extensive computational results are given."
"This paper thus proposes and empirically tests a social mechanism based on relational styles that often accompanies relational embeddedness, but which may also serve as a partial substitute for it."
"Faced with the problem of trying to reduce investment in accounts receivable, a number of corporate finance managers have directed attention to the problem of undesired “float,” i.e., the dollar amount of checks payable to the subject firm but unavailable for cashing because they are in process of transmittal via the mail system."
"Decomposition is compared to direct assessment in terms of the percent change in measurement error that can be attributed to the use of decomposition."
"The problem of choosing the one best or several best of a set of sequentially observed random variables has been treated by many authors."
"In particular, we derive incentive compatible conservation schemes that mitigate strategic behavior."
"By combining two established models (a Cournot model of competition with an NK model of interdependency in production activities), we are able to advance an alternative explanation for the observed patterns of industry behavior, including shakeout."
"However, the relationship between the size of the efficient set and the investment horizon is not simple when interdependence of returns is allowed."
"This hierarchical procedure uses population-level information (in addition to an individual’s choices) to break “ties” (or near ties) in the fit quality for sets of possible risk preference parameters."
"Because of the health and economic costs of childhood obesity, coupled with studies suggesting the benefits of comprehensive (dietary, physical activity, and behavioral counseling) intervention, the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recently recommended childhood screening and intervention for obesity beginning at age 6."
"We observe that three-women teams are less aggressive in their pricing strategies, invest less in research and development, and invest more in social sustainability initiatives than does any other gender combination."
"It is precisely on management problems of this kind, where good information about large masses of data must be derived, that modern statistical sampling techniques can play an important role."
"We compare three prevalent assistance processes: information sharing, advice provision, and delegation."
"The market is run in every period, and all firms submit their price-contingent production schedules in every day-ahead market."
"Findings are formulated into three principles."
"The results are not changed by an upper bound on the quantity produced or by a lag between the time a product is manufactured and the time it is available to satisfy demand."
"Although managers would be inclined to give priority to higher-margin products or to satisfy customers from their closest production site, these practices lead to greater swings in production, result in higher operational costs, and may reduce profits."
"Furthermore the need for implementation affects the researcher as well as the manager."
"We use our theoretical framework to assess the effect of governance on the quality of firing and hiring decisions using data on the CEO dismissals of large U.S. corporations during 1994–2007."
"In this sense, the model also offers an argument in favor of a lenient regulatory approach to deceptive advertising."
"When confronted with a new product, consumers often find it difficult to predict how it will perform, and such uncertainty reduces consumers’ willingness to adopt the product."
"Arbitrage yields a 5.6% return on average, although arbitrageurs take a loss 14% of the time."
"based on a lack of statistical support and inadequate consideration of the effect of team starting position on performance."
"We find that the optimal number of brake rotors is a function of the range of vehicle weights, sales volume, fixed component design and tooling costs, variable costs, and the variation in production volume across the models of the product line."
"The hypotheses are tested using data from a set of U.S.-based software new ventures."
"Using cluster analyses of the bids and the clicks generated by bidders, we find three stable bidder strategies across the three treatments."
"We find strong influence effects and latent homophily effects in both the purchase timing and product choice decisions of consumers."
"The method finds 3 points which bracket the minimum, fits a quadratic through them to yield a fourth point, then fits successive cubics through 4 points, discarding one each time, until certain stop criteria are met."
"Then, to capture the essence of discharge decisions, we consider discharge policies that incorporate both the occupancy level of the unit and the status of patients measured by their stage of recovery and the time they have spent in that stage."
"It was not possible to conclude that the explicit performance information systems improved overall performance."
"These results are robust across experimental paradigms."
"We develop a theoretical model for predicting purchase behavior in electronic channels."
"paperbound $3."
"failure"
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1958—reviewed by Myron L. Joseph."
"The first one captures optimization based on Bayesian updating of beliefs."
"We test these predictions empirically with panel data on 3,119 corporations in the COMPUSTAT database."
"In some cases of practical importance, one can easily compute the optimal basestock targets."
"In the second, advisors and their customers are paired."
"Experimental subjects were exposed to the advice of two radically opposing “experts of the game” who were designed to present two radically opposing views (“stories”) of the game situation."
"This factor-of-eight discrepancy, which has persisted with little change throughout the last quarter century, cannot be explained by differences in route structure."
"We present direct field evidence of preference misrepresentation under the strategy-proof deferred acceptance in a high-stakes matching environment."
"This tractable policy largely outperforms its counterpart based on a deterministic pricing model."
"An illustration of the confirmatory approach is given, drawing upon data from a study of distributor firm and manufacturer firm working relationships."
"The results are then applied to a class of nonlinear stochastic programs with recourse."
"A model of three subsidiaries and four countries is developed for one industry, based on actual corporate and economic data."
"Customers who live in areas with a high branch density or high Internet banking penetration increase their product acquisition and transaction activity more than Internet banking adopters in other regions."
"The integration of systems for pricing and revenue management must trade off potential revenue gains against significant practical and technical challenges."
"Dual sourcing, externalities, and operational hedging features of commonality are discussed."
"The model provides an alternative to Atkinson's theory, for it is demonstrated that individuals show both typical and atypical reactions in dynamic interaction."
"The device operates throughout a number of periods and in each period is subject to failure."
"New tools and techniques of management are taken for granted by today's manager."
"Usually some objective function is to be minimized."
"The Hop, Skip, and Jump (HSJ) method has been developed for this purpose."
"This paper presents a model which treats the manufacturing cycle time as a function of the lot size in a multi-stage production system."
"Managers increase effort, prompting firms to reallocate them to new ventures, where the marginal product of effort is highest."
"The Institute of Management Sciences joined with the Operations Research Society of America, and with The Operational Research Society of the United Kingdom, to co-sponsor an International Conference on Operations Research."
"Credible causal inference in accounting and finance research often comes from natural experiments."
"Even if, for the sake of simplicity, we ignore the effects of human behavior within organizations, most research on information processing design and evaluation has sought simulation in lieu of an explicit mathematical model."
"Furthermore, under the same assumptions we give a new characterization of equilibrium and show that equilibrium satisfactions are unique."
"The present study provides a new data-driven distributionally robust framework under a fixed-design setting."
"We call the resulting problem the Fairness-Oriented Crew Rostering Problem and develop a dedicated exact Branch-Price-and-Cut solution method."
"However, as the network gets increasingly complex, the ESR initiator tends to directly engage a reduced percentage of higher-tier suppliers."
"We demonstrate in our analytical model that a firm must also actively manage information flows within the supply chain, which translates to controlling what it knows, as well as what its competitors and suppliers know."
"We analyze a setting where customers differ in their cost to serve."
"In different industries, such as automobiles, chemicals, or retailing, competitors are joining forces in establishing electronic marketplaces to reduce inefficiencies in the purchasing process and cut costs by combining their buying power."
"In view of the potentially undesirable social-welfare consequences, we consider a freeze-period remedy, under which an individual is not entitled to a higher queueing priority until after having been on the organ-donor registry for a specified period of time."
"Historically, commercial use of university research has been viewed in terms of spillovers."
"failure"
"The insight for management: Comarketing alliance contract structure directly affects participation and the success of the effort."
"This process, which we call collaborative prototyping, allows both parties to anticipate the outcome of the design process."
"failure"
"For example, if the bidder and target operate in independent markets, the bidder has flexible production facilities but the target's production facilities are inflexible, then an increase in the bidder's demand can make the target less attractive and lower the value of operational synergy."
"There was a control condition with no explicit, performance information system."
"A systematic optimization procedure is developed for the design of a plant which is subject to uncertain, seasonal production."
"We study this question in a developing country context (Tanzania), where microenterprises are the source of employment for more than half of the labor force, and we report from a field experiment that jointly investigated the importance of a human capital intervention (business training) and a financial capital intervention (business grant)."
"We indeed observe that there are significant AEs and CEs, but these effects are mediated by the efficiency and equality properties of the feasible agreements."
"Under this assumption explicit results are obtained for the limiting case where the expiration date of the contract is indefinitely far in the future."
"The authors develop a theory of how members of an organization use the strength of ties in their network to overcome resistance to change."
"In particular, small innovations get a proportionally larger reward because pharmaceutical firms target them at the inelastic segments of the demand."
"On disruption, the supplier chooses to either pay a penalty to the manufacturer for the shortfall or use backup production to fill the manufacturer's order."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2631.This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"In this paper, we study the effects of upward channel decentralization where competing firms can outsource their production to upstream suppliers who do not have any advantages on production costs."
"Our analysis involves the Lagrangian relaxation of weakly coupled dynamic programs (DPs), results contributing to the emerging theory of DP duality, and various approximations."
"External knowledge sharing was measured with group member surveys and performance was assessed using senior executive ratings."
"Speculative bubbles are inefficient, right?"
"Incorporating both these sources of uncertainty, sequential minimax and expected utility maximizing strategies are derived for offsetting the surplus or deficit over the week."
"This article presents a systematic method for effecting such a block-angular permutation."
"The insight for management: Modeling helps structure executive pay to balance short-termism yet still create incentives for performance."
"In evaluating R&D opportunities executives make tradeoffs among three classes of attributes: commitment of resources, expected payoff, and risk."
"Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2819.This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"Author's rejoinder to the comment [Hayes, R. H. 1968."
"The results of our counterfactual analysis show that it may not be necessary to provide announcements with very fine granularity."
"Edited by R. S. Titchen, et al. ("
"Instead, partial vertical integration may prove beneficial by creating incentives to expand capacity through technology adoption, provided the price cap regime is dropped."
"The problem it similar to that discussed by Zangwill, except for the important difference of capacity constraint."
"On the other hand, when no information about worker ability is given to the manager, there is no difference in compensation choice for the worker, although male and female managers differ significantly in their own preferences for compensation scheme."
"Then the approximate distributions are computed by numerically inverting the transforms."
"In our setting, no equilibrium satisfies both equality and efficiency in all pie sizes."
"The major findings of this paper include: First, the ‘potential’ gains from international, as opposed to purely domestic, diversification are much greater for U.S. investors than for Japanese investors."
"failure"
"The minimum covering sphere problem, with applications in location theory, is that of finding the sphere of smallest radius which encloses a set of points in En."
"$7.50;—Schlaifer, Robert, Analysis of Decisions Under Uncertainty."
"An Experimental Study of Information Revelation Policies in Sequential Auctions (p. 667)Timothy N. Cason, Karthik N. Kannan, Ralph SiebertIn traditional and online buyer auction markets, is it better to share all bidder information after an auction, or only reveal the winning bid information?"
"However, heterogeneity of economic decisions may be partially due to genetic variance in cognitive ability."
"Second, effective coordination may require the disclosure of proprietary trade secrets, and the potential for expropriation by external suppliers may induce complementarity among vertical integration choices."
"Cutting in Line: Social Norms in Queues (p. 493)Gad Allon, Eran Hanany“May I go in front of you?”"
"The authors propose three alternative explanations for our results: risk aversion, anticipated regret, and probability weighting."
"In addition, OTAs return tickets that are strictly inferior to the ticket offered by another OTA for the same request between 2.2% and 28% of the time."
"The AAAS Committee on Scientific Freedom and Responsibility is undertaking a range of activities directed towards resolving value conflicts between individual scientists or engineers and the society in which they work."
"For instance, a fleet of trucks (or cabs) or group of production machines, cannot be easily adjusted month by month and, therefore, during slack periods the potential service level may exceed requirements."
"We find that (1) the single-queue structure slows down the servers, illustrating a drawback of pooling, and (2) poor visibility of the queue length slows down the servers; however, this effect may be mitigated, or even reversed, by pay schemes that incentivize the servers for fast performance."
"failure"
"This paper presents an analytical approach, based on rank statistics, to the issue of comparing programs within Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) efficiency evaluation framework."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"Price delegation to the salesforce is a practice widely adopted by firms."
"A system of promotional-effect models developed from certain behavioral assumptions about consumer buying habits is described."
"Pertinent mathematical research is mentioned."
"The conventional methods suffer from at least three drawbacks; they (1) generate utility functions that depend on the probability levels used; (2) chain responses from one question to the next, so that any bias is propagated and even magnified; and (3) change ranges and reference points constantly, introducing range effects and other distortions."
"This study reviews the results of prior investigations and examines the effectiveness of DSS-aided decision makers relative to decision makers without a DSS over an eight-week period."
"Some have suggested fighting the drug problem with so-called “zero-tolerance” policies that impose stiff sanctions for possession of even trace amounts of illicit drugs."
"We explore this assumption by examining the role of services in the financial performance of firms in the prepackaged software products industry (Standard Industrial Classification code 7372) from 1990 to 2006."
"In our model, firms’ interim accounting reports on investment projects may contain bias introduced by the mandatory accounting system."
"In traditional inventory models, each retailer orders directly from the supplier whenever the need arises."
"Pp."
"This enables us to credibly recover a causal position effect."
"Management Sci.29 24–32.)"
"Greater involvement from customer investors thus increases funding success."
"However, we find some evidence of wealth transfers from both strategic buyers and debt investors in some special situations."
"To do so, the power coefficient of an individual’s utility function must be lower than the power coefficient of an individual’s probability weighting function."
"Unlike the normal distribution, the more general class of skew-t distributions is a flexible parametric multivariate family that can model skewness and heavy tails in the data."
"Third, when some project due dates are set externally, due date performance deteriorates."
"Would you participate?"
"Selectors simultaneously vote to accept or reject: Unanimous decisions are respected, and candidates with a split decision are hired with probability p. Each candidate arrives with expertise x and y in the two fields, uniformly and independently distributed on [0, 1] and observable to both selectors."
"Our results suggest that principals (boards of directors) should consider underlying stock trading characteristics when structuring executive incentives."
"In such tournaments, agents compete to advance to positions at higher organizational levels."
"It takes a subjective approach to capital budgeting, from the delegator's perspective."
"An example is presented that simulates the use of an algorithm for sdecting an optimum experiment pajdoad."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1961, 636 pp—reviewed by Malcolm H. Gotterer;—Lloyd, David K. and Lipow, Myron."
"Our estimation results show that the combination of correlated learning and informative and persuasive detailing explain the success of the two late entrants in the statin market: Lipitor and Crestor."
"If a sharply defined pattern exists, the seasonal factor models can yield smaller forecast errors than the harmonic models."
"The panel on linear programming was organised by M. M. Flood.)"
"The equivalence of Bayesian equilibria of two-person games with incomplete information and Nash equilibria of certain n-person polymatrix games is demonstrated by means of a specific “Selten model.”"
"Overall, we find little evidence for liquidity effects fomenting price shocks or non-fundamental contagion, nor for alternative explanations."
"This work relaxes that assumption in the context of charity auctions."
"Using matched data from the 1997–2001 Computer and Internet Usage Supplements to subsequent Outgoing Rotation Group files from the Current Population Survey (CPS), I explore the relationship between computer ownership and entrepreneurship."
"The questions arising out of consideration of relations between “the researcher and the manager” are of genuine interest, certainly, to the manager and to many researchers who recognize that the vitality of their field rests on a continuing interest on the part of the manager."
"Traditional simulation-based methods are quite expensive in terms of computer resources (space and time), while simpler mathematical programming-based models generally assume a linear variable production cost."
"We find that innovative firms focusing on exploitation rather than exploration tend to generate superior subsequent short-term operating performance."
"Racing quality, personal income, the number of racing days, competition from a state lottery, and from professional sports (baseball, basketball, football) are all significant determinants of these demands."
"Unpublished notes."
"Consumers contribute content to the firm they join and benefit from the content provided by the others, their valuation being higher the closer the content contributor is to the content consumer (i.e., there are local network effects)."
"However, auditors' distortion was significantly smaller than that of salespersons."
"failure"
"The resulting inefficiencies imply that policy makers should devote more attention to discouraging exclusivity deals and less to ensuring that consumers can easily protect their privacy."
"Here, direct marketing is used for strategic channel control purposes even though it is inefficient on its own and, surprisingly, it can profit the manufacturer even when so direct sales occur."
"Such systems have the convenient property that the steady-state probability of a given configuration of customers factors into a product of terms, each term involving the configuration at one service center."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"At any given time, a job is either receiving service or queueing for access to a resource."
"With Heraclitus, we feel that war is “the father of all things,” and reach the height of our pessimism in Spengler's Kulturkritik. “"
"”This paper was accepted by Yan Chen, decision analysis."
"An algorithm for the generation of feasible schedules and the computation of the completion times of the job operations of feasible schedule is presented."
"The benefits of VMI are well recognized by successful retail businesses such as Wal-Mart."
"The results were surprisingly clearcut."
"Comparison to a monopoly setting yields a surprising result: Equilibrium restocking fees in a competitive environment can be higher than those charged by a monopolist."
"The model also predicts that sorting under asymmetric information causes the firm to turn away more candidates than would be efficient; PPS increases in the cost of hiring the manager and in the manager's outside option, but decreases in output risk, information risk, and managerial risk aversion; and the firm becomes more selective in hiring as either the manager's outside option, the cost of hiring, risk aversion, output risk, or information risk increases."
"The framework consists of three techniques: workflow control tables, sequence constraints, and event-based workflow management rules."
"The Cascade algorithm requires substantially fewer operations to find these distances than does the standard matrix method."
"Consequently, the simpler formula for expected revenue in second-price auctions may be the preferred approximation for English auctions."
"Service designs determine the provider effort at each step given that customers prefer less-variable experiences, and enable a holistic perspective of the overall experience."
"A sensitivity analysis indicates the range of the cost parameters under which the same solution would be optimal for a standard minimum-cost problem."
"Propositions are derived for the optimal cost-plus contest, and comparisons are made with the common incentive contract for the integrated selection and control model."
"This solution approach enables us to evaluate the benefits of coordinating promotion and production decisions by comparing the total net profit generated by the baseline model to that of the integrated model."
"The present paper discusses a form of inverse which is especially convenient to obtain and use for matrices with a high percentage of zeros."
"General hospitals across the world are becoming larger (i.e., admitting more patients each year) and more complex (i.e., offering a wider range of services to patients with more diverse care needs)."
"This paper's theoretical model predicts a negative interaction effect, with potentially significant implications for theory, practice, and pedagogy."
"The facility location models considered are divided into public and private sector models."
"H4 The relative advantage of causal over naïve methods increases as the amount of change in the environment increases."
"Sufficient conditions are developed such that any local minimum of such an objective function is also a global minimum."
"These estimators are proved to be unbiased and to have lower variance than the corresponding standard Monte Carlo estimators."
"Emerging themes in the literature on knowledge management are identified."
"We prove the existence of a unique subgame-perfect equilibrium, provide equilibrium optimality conditions, and prove monotonicity results for special cases."
"The Midweight Method to Measure Attitudes Toward Risk and Ambiguity (p. 582)Gijs van de Kuilen, Peter P. WakkerWhen predicting outcomes of decisions, how do models capture risk attitudes, subjective beliefs, and ambiguity attitudes?"
"Comput."
"New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc. 1960."
"The formal help process delivers value by creating and exploiting interdependencies between projects."
"1979."
"A game-theory approach to advertising expenditures is developed for a situation in which the markets for different products are coupled."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"Our identification strategy exploits the fact that viewers in different U.S. time zones are exposed to the same programming and national advertising at different times, allowing us to control for contemporaneous confounding events."
"A simplified mathematical model is developed and analyzed to help clarify these interrelationships."
"We obtain optimal inspection procedures (procedures for which the value of the outgoing units is high and which keep the cost of inspection down)."
"They conclude that online advertising substitutes for offline advertising."
"We also propose a fail-safe method for computing these numbers and give some computational results with this method."
"We investigate the effect of experience in existing markets and experience with previous market entry."
"Of the possible arrangements of the buses flowing into and out of the main branch, select the two which present the most symmetric appearance; perform the minimizing calculation on the various ways of fitting these patterns together."
"Yet, in theory, perfect information aggregation is impossible."
"Our algorithm addresses two challenges: (i) balancing the need to learn the prior (meta-exploration) with the need to leverage the estimated prior to achieve good performance (meta-exploitation) and (ii) accounting for uncertainty in the estimated prior by appropriately “widening” the estimated prior as a function of its estimation error."
"One of the more general functions appears particularly suited to rural distances."
"the authors gave the theoretical validation of the sequential unconstrained minimization technique for solving the convex programming problem."
"This paper studies sample design for process control in principal-agent settings where deterrence rather than ex post detection is the main issue."
"However, this DF-PIA gap does not exist for perfectly consistent forecasters."
"On one hand, forgetfulness can diminish the ability to punish deviators, making cooperation more difficult; that is, to gain cooperation, it is in fact not better to forgive and forget."
"However, we find no consistent evidence that the breadth of the product line at a local retail store affects purchases."
"We compare and contrast our results to a similar phenomenon in statistics (Stein’s phenomenon), highlighting unique features that arise in the optimization setting that are not present in estimation."
"In the main theoretical result of this paper, it is proved that if at each stage, given a feasible nonoptimal flow X, the circuit flow with most negative incremental cost is added to X, linear convergence to the optimal solution will be obtained."
"The well-known economic theory predicts that consumer price will fall after a horizontal merger when the amount of marginal cost reduction from operating synergies exceeds the premerger markup of a merging firm."
"Furthermore, contrasting the predictions provided by competing decision-theoretic models, we conclude that expected utility theory best fits our experimental data."
"Our analysis demonstrates that if buyer resource and supplier capability are substitutes, then the buyer's second-best involvement in the supplier's production process will be greater than first-best."
"Finally, a unique aspect of the research setting allows tests of who is responsible for the earnings management."
"412–436) I presented erroneous results for two of the seven models examined."
"In this paper a single server queuing system is studied, where the arriving customers are rejected if their waiting plus service times would exceed a fixed amount K. The arrivals follow a Poisson process."
"We further find a higher frequency of manipulation among tech firms, small firms, and firms with high stock price volatility."
"Expanding product variety and high customer service provision are both major challenges for manufacturers to compete in the global market."
"1955."
"Any historical survey, to be of more than passing interest, and to be more than a simple chronology of dates and names, needs to seek out the philosophical drives which both stimulated and limited the progress of such a scientific approach to more rational conception and performance of managerial work, that is, of securing results through the organized efforts of others."
"The model permits a solution in terms of expected profit maximization rather than in terms of expected cost minimization."
"The dataminer had sufficient confidence to make recommendations on 46% of these forecasts."
"Furthermore, we demonstrate how to use the estimator to solve optimization problems with CVaR objective and/or constraints, and compare it to a popular linear programming-based algorithm."
"The winning of quality awards is used as a proxy for effective TQM implementation."
"In this paper we analyze repetition in five data sets comprising 1,368 opportunities and use that analysis to address three questions: (1) When a large number of efforts to generate ideas are conducted in parallel, how likely are the resulting ideas to be redundant? ("
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"In this note, we point out that a similar formula holds if the requirements increase up to a certain value, then decrease."
"Initially, high-dimensional data are projected into a lower-dimensional Euclidean space using random projections."
"We demonstrate that consumer surplus is nonmonotone in the accuracy of the designer’s information-provision policy."
"failure"
"Despite the ambiguities, one dominant theme that runs throughout all of the results obtained is that, to the extent that preferential treatment in storage space allocations should be given, priority should be given to the interior buffers (especially the center ones) over the end buffers."
"Finally, our results indicate how the deterrence effect of the audit scheme can be taken into account and how it affects the optimal auditing strategy."
"I provide causal evidence that the need to do tasks that vary in their general skill component leads to a change in outsourcing."
"Numerical results are given for particular completed length of service distributions."
"Using simulations, we quantify the advantages of our approach relative to the standard information-aggregation techniques."
"The special case of networks with linear costs is also considered."
"By contrast, under “choice-acclimating personal equilibrium” (CPE), where a bid determines both the reference lottery and the outcome lottery, the intensive risk creates a “precautionary bidding” effect that pushes bidders to behave less aggressively; whether this effect is reinforced or undermined by the extensive risk depends on a bidder’s likelihood of winning the auction."
"When several persons organized as a group are to choose one from among several specified alternatives they may make use of majority voting or some other decision-making process."
"Moreover, we find that information preferences are a stable trait but that an individual’s preference for information can differ across domains."
"Is this shift good or bad for these companies?"
"There are also some 2000 financial employees who are now in the middle of a 40-session study of mathematics, statistical inference, model building and econometrics."
"Numerical experiments demonstrate how the proposed approach can discover the hidden impacts of dependency beyond those revealed by conventional parametric modeling and correlation studies."
"1982."
"Herein we explore whether people who voluntarily sign a solemn truth-telling oath are more committed to sincere behavior when offered the chance to lie."
"We determine when greater supply chain dispersion leads to a higher EMA risk and how this result depends on traceability and testing sensitivity."
"Motivation is provided by a hypothetical example based on Knox County, Tennessee data."
"Yet the impact of these investments on staffing is still not well understood."
"An extensive numerical study of a moderately large call center shows that the method is robust and, in most of the test cases, outperforms traditional staffing heuristics that are based on analytical queueing methods."
"Using this instrumental variable approach and controlling for operational, demographic, and patient condition-related characteristics, we find the following: on average, an extra minute during a focal home health visit is associated with a 1.39% decrease in the likelihood of readmission to the hospital following that visit."
"The orientation is toward a formal definition of behavioral elements in an individual's “purposeful state”: specifically, these elements are his objectives, his valuation of each objective, his possible courses of action, the efficiency of each course of action in achieving each objective, and his probability of choice for each course of action."
"This paper was accepted by Teck Ho, decision analysis."
"For the case q = p − 1, a simple procedure taking advantage of this fact is developed and shown to yield Jacobs' solution."
"The production and inventory costs are concave."
"It is shown that the solution can be determined from a particular second order difference equation in vectors subject to boundary conditions defined by the problem."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc., 1961, $11.00, 627 pp—reviewed by Murray A. Geisler;—Newman, William H. and Summer, Charles E. Jr., The process of management-concepts, behavior, and practice."
"Most importantly, the authors find that, when both quick response and enhanced design are combined in a fast fashion system, the firm typically enjoys a greater incremental increase in profit than the sum of either system in isolation."
"Our approach furthermore allows designers to examine the change in the overall reliability of the organizational structure as the number of actors within the organization changes."
"has described a typical problem in the paper industry and a heuristic procedure for obtaining satisfactory schedules."
"We show in this reply that the response by Charnes and Cooper to our paper is aimed at an issue that is only tangential to our analysis and does not affect our conclusions."
"In future papers we plan to explore the various computational options developed here."
"The following example illustrates the problem treated in this paper: Two gas stations are located one after the other on a main road."
"Patients, even with insurance coverage, must pay out of pocket a significant portion of this price."
"In contrast, uninformed buyers are unlikely to pay a premium for these addresses."
"Convex cost problems can also be handled."
"The last explanation accords best with our analysis."
"The general model assumes that demand is a random variable."
"Further, the paper gives greater attention than do earlier works to logistical determinants of information system effectiveness, such as the workload of the unit processing the message or the priority assigned to a message, as contrasted with social-psychological determinants."
"Their results contain artifacts which severely limit the generality of any inferences that might be drawn from them."
"In this paper, we examine the process of technical support work and the role of knowledge in enhancing the productivity of such work."
"In this paper conditions are given for the equality of the expected value of the objective function for the optimal solution and the value of the objective function for the approximate solution; bounds on these values are also given."
"First-moment shocks to bank asset return, financial shocks, or fire-sale cost shocks alone cannot reproduce the large interbank spread spike, dramatic deleveraging, or contraction in the U.S. shadow banking sector during the crisis."
"Data and the supplementary material are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2686.This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"We use large-scale data on patent filings, along with insights from primary data collection, to test our hypotheses."
"Rather, it simply required the balance sheet recognition of a previously disclosed item."
"On the negative side, such subsystems may curtail the adopters' ability for competitive differentiation and render adoption less valuable."
"We show that the existence of a binding wage floor for workers (e.g., due to trade union wage bargaining, minimum wage legislation, or limited-liability protection) can make it attractive for firms to hire a leader who makes use of social punishment."
"Elmaghraby presents several network problems."
"A Lagrangian relaxation of the capacity constraints of CLSP allows it to be decomposed into a set of uncapacitated single product lot sizing problems."
"In this paper a modified algorithm for solving Problem P is proposed, in which the solution of a sequence of integer programs is replaced by the solution of a sequence of linear programs plus some (hopefully few) integer programs."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1787.This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"Consistent with the notion that the market for liquidity provision is competitive, our results show that the benefit of lower adverse selection is transferred entirely to liquidity demanders in the form of lower trading costs."
"We correct prior approaches and develop various structural and managerial insights."
"We argue that the optimal portfolio’s Sharpe ratio and return distribution improve if the robo-advisor counters the client’s tendency to reduce market exposure during economic contractions when the market risk-return tradeoff is more favorable."
"Then, assuming some hypothesis, we prove that, among all possible decompositions, the best one can be found by a Lagrangian decomposition method."
"The buyer can eliminate this inefficiency by subsidizing a certain fraction of the costs of investments."
"Does it seem feasible to attempt acceleration of the development of basic knowledge about organizations by utilizing the methodological advances which have occurred in the study of small groups?"
"The choice model yields closed-form expressions which reflect the effect of competing suppliers' service quality on the long-run fraction of purchases a customer makes at the various competitors."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"The buyer can make a credible commitment to the optimal winner's share."
"An optimal solution of this sample problem is also an optimal solution to the original problem when the sample size is large enough."
"We also show that this effect is concentrated in banks that have not early adopted the CECL model and banks with timelier pre-PPP loan loss provisions, suggesting that timelier loan loss recognition constrains risk-taking incentives."
"Regardless, the nebulous nature of “performance” has been all too apparent in this industry."
"Do hospitals experience safety tipping points as utilization increases, and if so, what are the implications for hospital operations management?"
"We give a numerical example to highlight various issues in the computer solution."
"The Iowa Electronic Markets are specially designed futures markets that appear to aggregate information efficiently to predict events such as election outcomes."
"Quality–Speed Conundrum: Trade-offs in Customer-Intensive Services (p. 40)Krishnan S. Anand, M. Fazıl Paç, Senthil VeeraraghavanQuality or quantity?"
"The largest networks are obtained by applying a final augmentation phase, which is studied in the second part of this paper."
"This paper generalizes and extends Beckmann's results which predicate backlogging of excess demand."
"Suppose an investor is faced with two assets with stochastic rates of return such that in an either-or choice situation the investor can express a preference over the marginal probability distributions of the rates of returns of the assets."
"Both external market factors and internal firm factors contribute to the disappearance of the postevent abnormal returns."
"We develop a model of technology adaptation behaviors that employees perform to cope with a new IT that causes such disruptions."
"Principles on the benefits of manufacturing process flexibility."
"We generalize the operations reversal model of Lee and Tang (1998) to explicitly incorporate two important characteristics of fashion goods markets: heterogeneity among customers and unpredictability of customer preferences."
"Moreover, ideal equilibrium responses to consumer strategic behavior can recover only a portion of the lost revenues."
"Paper-covered)—reviewed by Albert H. Rubenstein;—Handbook of Automation, Computation and Control, Volume 2, “Computers and Data Processing”, Edited by Eugene M. Grabbe, Simon Ramo, and Dean E. Wooldridge."
"This introductory essay connects the various contributions included in the special issue on strategic dynamics and contrasts them with the static analyses that predominate in the strategy field."
"These results are illustrated and tested through simulations."
"We show that the sole driver of the inefficiency in a push system, which is due to horizontal decentralization of suppliers, is the number of alliances that were formed."
"This can provide guidance for managerial issues such as customer valuation and predicting customers' future behavior, whether it is acquiring additional services, selectively dropping current services, or ending the relationship entirely."
"$5.95—reviewed by John O'Shaughnessy;—von Bertalanffy, Ludwig, Robots, Men and Minds."
"Using a real-options (contingent claims) approach, we analyze and value supply contracts in a setting characterized by exchange rate uncertainty, supplier-switching options, order-quantity flexibility, profit sharing, and supplier reaction options."
"Good metrics are well-defined formulae (often involving averaging) that transmute multiple measures of raw numerical performance (e.g., dollar sales, referrals, number of customers) to create informative summary statistics (e.g., average share of wallet, average customer tenure)."
"This product hierarchy enables the firm to fill demand for a lower-quality product by converting a higher-quality product."
"This paper was originally given at the Fifth International Meeting of the Institute of Management Sciences."
"yields better results for very sparse arrival streams and the other, empirically derived, is easier to calculate."
"The study finds little evidence in support of this proposition."
"The results show that holding these firms upon their SSDPB initiation in a calendar portfolio earns a four-factor annualized excess return (alpha) of approximately 10% over the 1995–2008 sample period, beating 95% of all professional mutual funds in the United States."
"Under certain conditions the rules are good approximations to optimal minimum cost solutions."
"We examine updateable-state utility, a flexible class of expected utility models that permit stochastic trees to be rolled back much in the manner of decision trees."
"We show that portfolios on a significant portion of the efficient frontier generated by mean-lower semi-skewness model are efficient in the sense of third degree stochastic dominance."
"Researchers have long studied gender differences in the workplace, but little is known about these differences in the boardroom."
"In this paper we are concerned with the design of an organization in the internal decision-making area."
"We consider an appointment system where heterogeneous participants are sequenced and scheduled for service."
"This is part of the role of a collective choice process."
"Our premise is that DSS should be designed to take advantage of the distinctive competencies of decision makers while using technology to compensate for their inherent weaknesses."
"The resulting mathematical programming rules are effective, robust, and flexible to administer."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1968, 210 pp.,"
"As a result, the firm can reach potential high-valuation consumers in parts of the network that would otherwise remain untouched without the price drops."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 1969, 561 pp.,"
"Employing data from a national survey of Carnegie I and Carnegie II institutions, we document the recent rise in university equity holdings."
"We exploit a natural experiment in the form of a U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) crackdown that prevented pharmaceutical companies from using selectively chosen information in their Internet search ads."
"In the presence of wealth imbalances, contracts alone leave wealth-constrained firms with inefficiently low incentives to exert effort (because of limited liability) and firms with sufficient wealth with excessive incentives."
"Response to obsolescence is introduced by means of a Bayesian procedure."
"The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate the use of a Linear Programming model in open pit mine evaluation."
"We hypothesized that people often hold incorrect beliefs about averaging, falsely concluding that the average of two judges’ estimates would be no more accurate than the average judge."
"Nonparametric programming techniques are applied to survey data from 64 universities to calculate total factor productivity (TFP) growth in each stage."
"Management Sci.17(3) 208–218.]"
"An experimental performance comparison of the scaled algorithm and the classical Robbins-Monro algorithm in two simple queueing systems reveals some of the practical advantages of the scaled algorithm."
"It is shown here there is no reason to satisfy the first duration constraint with priority over satisfaction of a higher order duration constraint."
"The determinants of relearning also are a suggested area of investigation."
"In this paper, we use a randomized control trial to test the efficacy of crowdsourcing on enhancing user engagement and retention in the context of mobile gaming apps."
"In this paper a model is developed to determine the optimal placement of inspection stations within n-stage linear production systems."
"They find that after a customer experiences a fine they are much more likely to comply in the future."
"We develop a model to show how agency conflicts, free-rider effects, and monitoring costs interact to affect optimal team size and workers’ incentive contracts."
"This study analyzes the four types of ownership structure in the US hospital industry—private nonprofit, private for-profit, federal, and state and local government."
"The goal is to achieve targeted time-stable performance, even in the presence of significant time variation in the arrival rates."
"Firms can attenuate this reduction by substituting borrowing across banks, but only to a limited extent."
"How can this be reconciled with market efficiency?"
"Without an AVM system, the changeover is likely to have mixed results; shorter average travel times for the first-arriving officer and longer travel times for the second-arriving officer."
"A help process also allows the company to “tune” the timing of efforts by front-loading or back-loading project work."
"The theory begins with a Lancaster-like transformation from goods space to characteristics space and investigates the implications of a mapping to a third space, perceptual space."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1965, $6.35, 204 pp—reviewed by Ida R. Hoos."
"The decision maker may display different degrees of aversion toward gambles on different kinds of events, e.g., being systematically more averse toward gambles on events whose probabilities are more ambiguous."
"Two hundred and four students of economics and finance participated in an intertemporal choice experiment which manipulated three dimensions in a 4 × 4 × 4 factorial design: scenario (postponing a receipt, postponing a payment, expediting a receipt, expediting a payment), time delay (0.5, 1, 2, and 4 years), and size of cashflow ($40, $200, $1000, and $5000)."
"Linear Programming, Vol."
"Early acquisition reduces execution errors, but later acquisition both improves the likelihood of finding a better match and benefits from increased buyer competition."
"Reference-dependent preferences have been well accepted in decision sciences, experimental economics, behavioral finance, and marketing."
"Finally applications of these results are suggested with reference to various existing integer programming algorithms."
"This extension of the author's earlier work is motivated by the observation that real production systems are usually subject to influences which make for increased stability by tending, as the amount of work-in-process grows, to reduce the rate at which new work is injected or to increase the rate at which processing takes place."
"This paper is a review of research in product development, which we define as the transformation of a market opportunity into a product available for sale."
"Findings from investigations concerning the dynamics of intergroup competition under win-lose conditions are summarized first."
"The entry strategies examined are foreign direct investment, exclusive licensing, multiple licensing, joint venture, and a combination of joint venture and licensing."
"This variant, called Filtered Beam Search, is able to use priority functions to search a number of solution paths in parallel."
"”This paper was accepted by Joshua Gans, business strategy."
"b) Does the decision of firms to implement such strategies depend on the complexity of the news programme (i.e., the number of news stories covered in the news product)? ("
"On “A Diverting Structure's Effects on a River Flow Time Series” by Nathan Buras Reply to Buras by D. J. Downing, D. J. Pack, and G. W. Westley."
"This type of analysis is not only useful for guiding the armament decision-making process of a nation in an arms race with another nation but also is helpful in assessing economic and military aids by a large nation to smaller nations in an arms race."
"This paper examines the possible impact of venture capital (VC) backing on the commercialization direction of technology-based start-ups by asking: To what extent (if at all) do VC-funded start-ups engage in cooperative commercialization strategies (strategic alliances or technology licensing, or both) relative to a comparable set of start-ups, and with what consequences?"
"Suppliers decide how much effort to exert to ensure compliance with quality standards."
"It is suggested that the projects making up a program, in OR&D be packaged and scrutinized regularly for their contributions to the objectives of the organization."
"The price of a new product strictly increases with its quality and consumers' rational expectation about the time until the next new product will be introduced. “"
"A series of Monte-Carlo studies varied several aspects of the choice environments, including the complexity of the task and the presence or absence of dominated alternatives."
"Investor Sentiment and Analysts' Earnings Forecast Errors (p. 293)Paul Hribar, John McInnisAre stock analysts sentimental?"
"In an experimental test of the theory, we systematically change the shape of revealed utility, weighting, and discounting functions by manipulating the distribution of monies, probabilities, and delays in the choices used to elicit them."
"This vigorous research and the interest it has aroused have been made possible by parallel development in research and in business."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"Mixed-model assembly lines are used to produce many different products without carrying large inventories."
"Otherwise, nurses encountering operational failures are likely to resort to against-policy workarounds, a behavior observed in practice."
"We then propose the use of Bayesian methods to adjust value estimates."
"A Lagrangian relaxation reduces the model to a series of simple local problems, the solution of which provides an optimal sequence for developing the marginal groundwater sources while reducing the demands on the regional source."
"The paper arrives at both positive and negative results."
"After expressing the expected profit of the optimal strategies in terms of the probability of a correct forecast, we illustrate how to find (1) the value of an imperfect forecast, and (2) the value of a forecasting technique."
"1994."
"The insight for management: Coordinating first- and third-party content depends on the market for such products and the complementarity of first- and third-party products."
"With increasing industry consolidation, operational disruptions at a firm can lead to a nationwide shortage of life-saving drugs."
"failure"
"Indiana University Press, 122–145.),"
"Using a comprehensive longitudinal data set on deal offerings and sales across local markets, and combining it with local market characteristics, we estimate a simultaneous equation model of the weekly number of deal offerings and deal sales characterizing the two-sided nature of the platform."
"We posit two mechanisms and demonstrate that they result in two types of deviations: (1) information deviations stem from workers having more information and in turn better solutions than the algorithm; and (2) complexity deviations result from workers’ aversion, inability, or discretion to precisely implement algorithmic prescriptions."
"We first present a continuous time model where a seller faces a stochastic arrival of customers with different valuations of the product."
"The time of obsolescence may be either known or alternatively a finite number of obsolescence dates and their probable occurrence may be specified."
"New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1958—reviewed by Cuthbert Daniel;—Decision-Making and Productivity."
"355–358, by Philip Wolfe, The RAND Corporation.(3) A new method for the identification of the liaison persons that makes obsolete some results in the paper: I. C. Ross, F. Harary, “Identification of liaison persons of an organization using the structure matrix,” Management Science, Vol."
"Using this result, we derive closed-form expressions for the resulting demand and sales dynamics over the product life cycle."
"Diversification objectives are established and related to the company's long-range objectives."
"Sensitivity analysis is applied to the model to assess the impact of estimation errors in the learning rate and steady-state production time on estimated profit and break-even quantities."
"Our analysis shows that cost sharing itself may achieve synchronization and social optimality."
"9, No."
"Naturally this will reduce the total number of steps to reach the final solution."
"Methods for planning capacity expansion typically have been restricted to problems with many locations in a static environment or a few locations in a dynamic environment."
"Numerical implementations show that this method competes very advantageously with other available valuation methods."
"The “law of one price” states that if prices for the same or highly similar goods vary across geographic locations by more than the cost of transport, then traders will shift supply and demand to exploit the price differences."
"An individual uses up a certain resource at a constant rate, but from time to time has a chance to gamble some of the resource in order to gain more."
"The model describes production planning and distribution problems."
"We use book requests made by teachers on DonorsChoose, the largest crowdfunding platform for public school teachers, as a measure of intent to address race-related topics in the classroom."
"The Maximal Covering Location Problem (MCLP) has been the focus of considerable attention both in research and practice for some time, and numerous extensions have been proposed to broaden its appeal and enhance its applicability."
"We also find that firms with greater IT capability are better positioned to realize the anomaly-reducing benefits of ES implementation and that ES’s anomaly-reducing effect is most pronounced when high levels of both functional and operational ES modules are implemented."
"We study a multilocation newsvendor network when the only information available on the joint distribution of demands are the values of its mean vector and covariance matrix."
"The Markov chain choice model considers item substitutions as transitions in a Markov chain and provides a good approximation for a large class of random utility models, thereby addressing the challenging problem of model selection in choice modeling."
"Key factors to consider in assessing whether encouraging cloning is the innovator's best strategy are: (1) the benefit to be derived in terms of added user base “contributed” by the clone sales, traded-off against (2) the unit sales that will be lost to the clone(s)."
"We highlight the importance of network effects in understanding customer demand and evaluating expansion strategies of transportation networks."
"Explicit rules are given for two of these algorithms, and a simple example is solved by both methods."
"Two commonly used contracts are analyzed first: piecemeal and pay-per-call-resolved contracts."
"A similar analysis is performed here, using a Taylor series approximation to the impact-multiplier submodel of a fiscal impact model, developed for coal and oil shale assessment."
"In this mode of operation any station will at any time be either busy, or idle, or blocked."
"1983."
"Management Sci. ("
"We study how decision makers choose when faced with multiple plays of a gamble or investment."
"Second, to check the compliance of the operator with the schedule specified by the contract in a resource-efficient way, we compute how to position the agency’s employees to verify if buses are running according to the specifications of the contract."
"This paper explores rational decision making for investment in the stock market."
"For an illustrative example this problem is solved using one of Zoutendijk's methods of feasible directions."
"However, when SFT is combined with a due date oriented activity scheduling rule, due dale performance deterioration is less."
"We estimate the stock market effects of the Tiger Woods scandal on his sponsors and sponsors' competitors."
"The design of a long term research program on the organization of R and D in decentralized companies is presented."
"The results suggest that more-active online shoppers tend also to search across more sites."
"2 of Management Science."
"Section V includes the design of experiments particularly with respect to obtaining better statistics for use in simulation."
"The model is extended to multiple independent markets whose distributions depend proportionately on a single unknown parameter."
"In this paper, our aim is to reduce partition dependence, a judgmental bias that arises from the particular way in which a state space is partitioned for the purposes of making probability judgments."
"This change has prompted concerns regarding the source of this growth-specifically, whether it suggests a change in the nature of university research."
"Observations from empirical and theoretical studies are combined in order to investigate the causes, conditions, courses, and consequences of organizational downturn."
"In this paper, we present and empirically test two procedures for correcting this bias."
"We show that a behavioral economics model that incorporates positive reciprocity can explain these results well."
"They show that offering highly customer-intensive service allows the service provider to increase the number of competing servers and increase price, even as the service become slower."
"A pilot application of the measurement techniques which provides some insight on their relative predictive accuracy and on the usefulness of empirically verifying the conditions necessary for the existence of the preference models is reported, too."
"Some argue that experience with existing markets causes managers to miss entry opportunities."
"We propose that reverse time inconsistency may be associated with a reversed-S shape discount function, and provide evidence that such a discount function captures part of the variation in intertemporal preferences."
"Specifically, we find that (1) adding only information about the sender’s purchase status increases the likelihood of the recipient’s purchase but has no impact on follow-up referrals, (2) adding only information about referral reward increases the recipient’s follow-up referrals but has no impact on purchase likelihood, and (3) adding information about both the sender’s purchase and the referral rewards increases neither the likelihood of purchase nor follow-up referrals."
"Inventory holding costs and production costs are assumed to be concave."
"In a large-scale field experiment, we gave participants real-time feedback on the resource consumption of a daily, energy-intensive activity (showering)."
"The results give some evidence for a change in programming methods and a need to devote more resources to improving control procedures to allow simultaneous processing of many jobs."
"Accelerators aim to help nascent companies reach successful outcomes by providing capital, enabling industry connections, and increasing exposure to investors."
"Recent work suggests that an excessive focus on “managing the numbers”—delivering quarterly earnings at the expense of longer-term performance—makes it difficult for firms to make the investments necessary to build competitive advantage. “"
"Data is given on the incidence of the various organizational forms in five industry groups."
"We study the effects of customer recognition and behavior-based price discrimination (BPD) in a two-period experience good duopoly with a discrete value distribution, and we investigate the role of consumers’ ex ante valuation uncertainty in dynamic price competition through comparison with an inspection good duopoly."
"We provide a rationale for the recent burst in the amount of collaborative activities among firms selling complementary products, highlighting factors that may result in a lower profitability for such firms overall."
"The procedure selects a single set of parameter values for the problem, executes the mathematical programming algorithm, and stores that cycle's results."
"Finally, bounding convex envelope approximating problems are constructed and solved globally over any remaining intervals."
"Our approach also endogenizes the extent and degree of profit sharing through the resulting optimal policies."
"To date, however, this literature has given limited attention to the effect that the internal structure of the firm can have on generating differences in these learning rates."
"We illustrate our model with the Dell portable computer example and note the managerial implications of our analysis."
"As an example the opportunistic replacement policy is applied to the rocket engines of a hypothetical ballistic missile."
"Current voices from marketing scholars and practitioners have predominantly focused on the cost benefits when production is outsourced to lower-cost upstream suppliers."
"This paper was accepted by Paul H. Zipkin, operations and supply chain management."
"With theoretical guidance using a belief-based learning model, we conduct a multiperiod, binary-choice, and weakest-link laboratory coordination experiment to study the effect of gradualism—increasing the required levels (stakes) of contributions slowly over time rather than requiring a high level of contribution immediately—on group coordination performance."
"Empirical evidence on the Schumpeterian hypothesis that a concentrated industry allocates relatively more resources to its research and development (R&D) activities has been inconclusive."
"From computational results reported for structurally-similar problems, it seems that efficient general purpose codes for this method would be capable of solving problems with at least 5 periods, 5 potential sites, and 15 demand points."
"This is one part of Blau's dilemma."
"Specifically, we find that gift exchange contracts without shocks encourage effort and wages well above standard predictions."
"The OEM can contract with the two suppliers either simultaneously or sequentially."
"This bound is tight under a family of joint demand distributions with six support points."
"Our model builds intuition for R…D managers as to when it is and when it is not worthwhile to delay commitments—for example, by postponing a design freeze, thus maintaining flexibility in R…D projects."
"Finally, computer organizations following an innovation-oriented strategy earned significantly higher accounting returns regardless of the process management techniques employed, suggesting that these techniques have only a second-order effect on performance in this industry."
"A marginal analysis approach is used to obtain a detailed insight into the structure of the solution and to develop an effective computational procedure."
"It turns out when these two features are given together, the empowerment enabled by one’s own submission is crowded out by others’ submissions, and this dominates the diversity benefit."
"Because both directors and the market respond to shareholder votes, management has stronger incentives to influence voting outcomes."
"Our simultaneous model introduces a natural way to account for price endogeneity in a microlevel choice setting when the price paid is individual specific and correlated with the idiosyncratic preference of a buyer."
"We show that sophisticated agents can be more likely to fall for misinformation."
"This paper examines how liquidity and investors’ heterogeneous liquidity preferences interact to affect asset pricing."
"However, if it is not costly, the decision maker may not try to live up to the reputation of being prosocial and, in fact, might exhibit more greedy behaviors subsequent to the initial gift."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.2089.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"We use a portfolio allocation problem to illustrate our results."
"$14.50;—Wickert, Frederic R. and Dalton E. McFarland (editors), Measuring Executive Effectiveness."
"The constraints likely to be associated with the problems of varying degrees of structure are examined and suggestions are made for reformulating problems by adjusting these constraints."
"This paper was accepted by Jayashankar Swaminathan, operations management."
"We show that quality investment under uncertainty never exceeds the level of quality investment under perfect information."
"The algorithm is applied to a variety of standard and randomly generated test networks to establish that the estimators are significantly and robustly more efficient than the standard estimators when run time and statistical efficiency are properly combined."
"As a result, price discovery is not as efficient as it would be with free price information."
"A behavioral model for purposeful search and adaptation under discontinuity is presented."
"Both social influence processes (subjective norm, voluntariness, and image) and cognitive instrumental processes (job relevance, output quality, result demonstrability, and perceived ease of use) significantly influenced user acceptance."
"A system is observed periodically and classified into one of a finite number of states."
"Systematic approaches to the problems of education and training are difficult because so many social and psychological variables are involved."
"Utility-maximizing consumption and investment strategies in closed form are unknown for realistic settings involving portfolio constraints, incomplete markets, and potentially a high number of state variables."
"It is found that demand is price elastic in every case."
"Basic concepts of Graph Theory are discussed which are relevant to solving problems of locating economic activities within a service or manufacturing facility."
"Inspired by regression, this paper presents a unified framework for cost function estimation in linear optimization comprising a general inverse optimization model and a corresponding goodness-of-fit metric."
"The schedule function is interpreted geometrically as a polyhedron."
"Examples of management science research are examined critically for their validity elsewhere in the world."
"The method involves a parametric search in the criteria space."
"The authors offer two tractable conservative approximations for the VaR of a derivative portfolio."
"Bounds on the number of steps required for the assignment and transportation problems are given."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"Second, almost all of the CATS distributions are easy, and the run time is virtually unaffected by the number of goods."
"Assembly line balancing consists of assigning work elements, which are subject to sequencing restrictions, along an assembly line in an optimal manner."
"1970."
"The amount actually bought at each period is then a function of the price prevailing at that time."
"The core step in the iterative procedure is the optimization of a linear function subject to a single linear constraint."
"The problem concerns a linear model for industrial production, but the objective is to maximize a non-linear function of the output."
"Our findings suggest that an SDU may be a cost-effective way to treat patients when used for patients who are post-ICU (intensive care unit)."
"failure"
"Best response behavior is characterized by a monotone sequence of pairs of threshold numbers which give rise to a “cone-shaped” continuation region."
"Book Reviews—Work, Workers and Work Measurement."
"Predictions of the theory concerning entry and firm survival are tested using data on the origin, location, and years of production of every entrant into the industry from 1895 to 1966."
"This paper explains the underlying rationale for these findings."
"Norm enforcement through peer punishment has been shown to be effective in raising contributions by itself."
"The supplemental material is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2671.This paper was accepted by Olav Sorenson, organizations."
"The solution method is well adapted to an interactive mode of implementation in which there is a dialogue between the decision maker and a source of information and analysis (e.g., a computer)."
"We estimate travel times under two different models of dispatch operations."
"More formally, we show that if there is a server allocation that is maximal under the partial order of majorization, then it is optimal."
"An essential problem in the application of these systems is that orders in one security cannot be conditioned on prices of other securities."
"With learning effects introduced into the production cost of this class of problems the optimal lot size becomes the solution of a transcendental equation."
"has looked at the problem in the case of micro data, that is, when movements between periods are observable."
"Call now!"
"In this study, we empirically investigate the relationship between process maturity, quality, cycle time, and effort for the development of 30 software products by a major IT firm."
"In this paper we propose a new criterion for coverage which is suitable for two kinds of applications: (i) location of fire trucks in a geographical area in which some demands require multiple fire trucks to be within an acceptable distance standard to achieve coverage; and (ii) location of ambulances in an environment in which a large demand volume often leads to the unavailability of the most desirable response unit."
"failure"
"For each of the problems studied, we provide an efficient exact algorithm, or a proof of intractability accompanied by a heuristic algorithm with worst-case and asymptotic performance analysis."
"Previous research has shown that the increasingly common practice of outsourcing back-office IS generally has a positive effect on shareholder value of the outsourcing firm."
"Computational results for test data show that the Tabu Search heuristic finds optimal solutions for all test problems that can be solved exactly by a branch-and-cut algorithm, while running about three orders of magnitude faster than the exact algorithm."
"Suggestions are made for application of the technique to real-time scheduling."
"This paper is concerned with organizational information systems."
"One of the key problems in database marketing is the identification and profiling of households that are most likely to be interested in a particular product or service."
"Moreover, we show that buyers use observable product characteristics to moderate their inferences when learning from others; a deep discount weakens the learning momentum, whereas a good product rating amplifies the learning momentum."
"This paper concentrates on some recent work at Exxon to unify the treatment of nonlinear terms in “mostly linear” models."
"1988)."
"If the result means that QFD induces team insularity, even when the team needs to reach out to external information sources, it is a cause for concern."
"This paper attempts to assist their decision making with regard to legal matters by looking at the following questions: Under what conditions should a potential plaintiff litigate a specific issue?Under what conditions should a defendant faced with a lawsuit respond forcefully to it?How can legal expenses be budgeted and controlled by both sides?What are the most likely conditions under which both plaintiff and defendant would be willing to seek out of court settlement?The research determines the economic requisites of both a plaintiff's decision to litigate an issue and the corresponding defendant's decision on how to respond to the suit."
"As a result, she overinvests when the forecast signal is low."
"Thus, there are two competitive markets established, with the firms competing for a limited supply of labor on the one hand, and competing for a limited sales fund on the other hand."
"The study analyzed data from over 100 North American business organizations."
"We also examine four modeling languages in detail with respect to their indexing capabilities: AMPL, GAMS, LINGO, and SML."
"This paper was accepted by Joshua Gans, business strategy."
"We also discuss how to preserve the sample mean vector and sample covariance matrix exactly for any data perturbation method."
"Part II shows that the Nash equilibrium points of the Bayes-equivalent game yield “Bayesian equilibrium points” for the original game."
"However, some of the given proofs are incorrect because the transformations employed map certain data values of the preimage problem to the number of data in the resulting instance and are hence not polynomial."
"The technical quality of each proposed applications experiment was summarized through the use of multiple evaluation measures, or attributes."
"Using a sample of private firms from 125 countries between 2006 and 2015, we show that firms that have their financial statements audited have more exports than firms that do not have their financial statements audited."
"We propose a regress-then-robustify method by constructing a surrogate empirical distribution of the noise."
"We study the one machine scheduling problem with release and delivery times and the minimum makespan objective, in the presence of constraints that for certain pairs of jobs require a delay between the completion of the first job and the start of the second (delayed precedence constraints)."
"The author examines the informational role of product ratings and finds that a high variance of product ratings is associated with a niche product, one that appeals a great deal to a small set of customers."
"This paper focuses on the effect that competitive incentive schemes have on the chosen combination of these two types of efforts."
"Edited by Charles D. Flagle, William H. Huggins and Robert H. Roy."
"Suppose that an investing firm is primarily interested in achieving a specified minimum return critical to its economic survival."
"Management Sci.11 (4) B-69–B-87."
"In addition, we find the optimal interval between samples and the expected cost for several examples with large shifts in the mean and variance where Shewhart's heuristic design is used in place of the optimal design."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"Consider a system with N processors and two job types with one having preemptive priority over the other."
"In a recently published banking industry study [Fisher, Lawrence."
"A Dynamic Level-k Model in Sequential Games (p. 452)Teck-Hua Ho, Xuanming SuIn sequential games, one can use “backward induction” to predict future behavior."
"We characterize various features of the optimal trading strategy, and demonstrate that the optimal strategy helps mitigate the tension between market- and tax-timing."
"This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"Furthermore, there does not seem to exist any such efficient algorithm because the problem can be shown to be NP-complete."
"Our main conclusion is that maximum likelihood factor analysis coupled with minimum idiosyncratic risk portfolio formation yields economically and statistically superior basis portfolios compared with those derived from asymptotic principal components."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2655.This paper was accepted by Gad Allon, operations management."
"This holds when we control for creator ability and project quality."
"Implications are discussed for the interpretation of existing research and for the design of research."
"This paper was accepted by Lauren Cohen, finance."
"It tutors groups in general strategies of problem solving."
"Our setup predicts price momentum and yields excessive return volatility and excessive trading volume."
"This provides a foundation for transforming single-product, single-period planning processes into a multi-product, multi-period form that embraces the product family and the renewal of product architecture."
"Solving these kinds of optimization problems exactly requires a method that can generate the whole set of nondominated points (the Pareto-optimal front)."
"We present an implicit enumeration algorithm for a nonseparable quadratic integer programming problem."
"Detailed discussions with a major retailer, and information from industry sources provide supporting evidence for the structure and conclusions of the model."
"The costs include a concave production cost, a concave inventory cost, and a piecewise concave cost of changing the production level from one period to the next."
"For centralization, we find that each store has a higher inventory level in the centralized system than in the decentralized system, and centralization positively benefits the retailer as long as some store managers are strictly more risk averse than the retailer."
"However, the magnitude of such adverse effects depends on whether the best suited candidate is hired absent the policy."
"The first examines whether a model’s fit is significantly reduced when an explanatory variable is deleted."
"Generalizing from our stylized model, we identify a class of biform games involving buyers and suppliers that is useful for strategy analysis."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1967, $12.50, 480 pp—reviewed by David S. Stoller;—Cateora, Philip R. and Lee Richardson (eds.),"
"This production-inspection model provides management with information on the optimal number and placement of inspection stations for specific planned or existing serial production systems."
"The performance information systems also set into motion other group processes resulting in numerous sensible but unanticipated consequences."
"The work reported here has the potential to stimulate research incorporating multiple performance measures in more complex scheduling models."
"It is assumed that the processing times and due dates for the jobs are independent random variables whose distributions are known."
"A context-specific measure of decision maker performance called decisional efficiency is defined as a function of the unknown parameter vector."
"As the filters process the output through the effective transient, the reference filter becomes more likely (in a Bayesian sense) to be the best filter to represent the data, and the MMAE mean estimator is influenced increasingly towards the assumed steady-state mean."
"This paper examines the relationship between price delegation and managerial profits using a laboratory economics experiment."
"The model allows one to consider not only effects on the screened women and their newborns, but also effects on the rest of the population."
"First, exchange programs must involve the coordinated activities of multiple local transplant centers to enjoy the substantial benefits of resource pooling."
"H. Scarf, D. Gilford, M. Shelly, eds."
"On the other hand, planning and problem-solving must be dealt with differently."
"Both are explained in terms of nonlinear utility for money rather than properties of events per se, hence, the decision maker displays the same attitude toward all sources of risk and uncertainty."
"Using a large sample of consummated and failed listings from the largest online P2P lending marketplace, Prosper.com, we find that the online friendships of borrowers act as signals of credit quality."
"failure"
"We develop formalized models that characterize the impact of such changes: operations reversal."
"Our numerical experiments suggest that extracting failed leads only when forced to because of space limitations is usually a good rule of thumb, but that following the optimal policy, as opposed to the commonly used heuristic policies, can extend an average patient’s expected lifetime by up to 1.2 years and decrease the likelihood of device-related death by up to 94% in some cases."
"Our new approximation works extremely well as long as the coefficient of variation of the demand is less than two."
"The second premise is based on the observation that, in many applications of metamodels, functions of the fitted model coefficients (such as the slope gradients) are of greater interest than the response function."
"The proposed structural flexibility method uses the structure of the capability pattern to generate indices that quantify the ability of a system to respond to variability in its environment."
"If the reseller has a variable cost advantage (respectively, disadvantage) relative to the marketplace, then the trade-off is shifted toward the marketplace for long-tail (respectively, short-tail) products."
"This paper develops a stylized spatial differentiation model to examine the impact of differences in channel flexibility, network externalities, and switching costs on competition between online, traditional, and hybrid firms."
"We consider a supplier who offers a revenue-sharing contract to two competing retailers, one of whom has private information about uncertain market potential and orders first."
"These observations can be described with three decision biases (the probabilistic choice bias, the reinforcement bias, and the memory bias) and can be modeled using the experience-weighted attraction learning model."
"We find evidence of consumers learning from inventory information: a decrease in product availability causally attracts more sales in the future; in particular, a 10% increase in past claims leads to a 2.08% increase in cart add-ins in the next hour."
"We perform an economic analysis of this incentive program, called Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (C-TPAT), modeling in a game-theoretic framework the strategic interaction between CBP, trading firms, and terrorists."
"Further, we propose new strategies that combine elements from each literature in a bid to capture richer patterns of heterogeneity in the underlying relationship governing revenue."
"Path analysis indicates that ESWOM influences firm abnormal stock returns and idiosyncratic risk both directly and indirectly through its effects on institutional investors’ stockholdings."
"We examine whether cooperative planning and uncertainty affect the magnitude of rework in concurrent engineering projects with upstream and downstream operations, and explore the impact of such rework on project delays."
"We fill this gap by integrating research from human–computer interaction, motivation, and technology-supported group work to theoretically derive mechanisms for increasing each individual's motivation within a collective setting."
"Reluctance to hedge desired outcomes stemmed from identity signaling, a desire to preserve an important aspect of the bettor’s identity."
"Moreover, DARA bounds are more efficient than the bounds obtained using different criteria."
"Although existing research has focused on the short-term financial gains that motivate firms to obfuscate, reputational concerns may at least partially counteract these incentives if consumers punish deceptive firms via loss of loyalty in future transactions and/or publicly observable negative feedback."
"As a complement to the literature on learning in firms, we investigate learning in markets, a nascent area of study that focuses on how learning occurs between, rather than within, firms."
"Thus, we propose a novel framework, incorporating the fluid model with bivariate dependence orders and copulas, to study the impacts of the aforementioned dependence."
"Examples include credit decisioning, hiring, advertising, criminal justice, personalized medicine, and targeted policy making, where in some cases legislative or regulatory frameworks for fairness exist and define specific protected classes."
"A system point approach is presented as a framework for obtaining the waiting time distribution for each customer type."
"In addition, we discuss methodology which has been employed to obtain the equilibrium results and we call attention to some important open problems."
"We introduce a simple solution to help consumers manage choices between healthy and unhealthy food options: vice-virtue bundles."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"My main criticism is directed at the emphasis they placed on the size and complexity of their computer program that allegedly solved this admittedly large and complex problem."
"The total cost is then allocated to producers based on metrics such as their return shares by weight."
"A stochastic PERT network is a directed acyclic network in which the arc lengths are independent random variables with known distributions."
"strong vertical dyadic linkages, and mentoring for reducing overall control loss are explored."
"For most order quantity/reorder point inventory systems, the stochastic model, which specifies the demands as stochastic processes, is often more accurate than its deterministic counterpart—the EOQ model."
"The disturbances may be caused by marketing mix manipulations of the firm itself, by its competitors or by fundamental external changes in the environment in which the firm operates."
"The model estimates indicate that, although delayed redemption left customers monetarily worse off in each transaction (cardholders passed up on average $0.76 of card-level benefits to experience greater psychological utility), once the psychological utility is taken into account, customers were shown to fare better overall."
"Shubik [Shubik, M. 1982."
"We establish sufficient conditions to ensure strong consistency and asymptotic normality of the resulting estimator of the optimal input-parameter vector."
"Using unique nursing home IT data from 2006 to 2012, we find that the licensed nurse staffing level decreases by 5.8% in high-end nursing homes but increases by 7.6% in low-end homes after the adoption of automation technology."
"The picture that emerges from the analysis is one of particularly intense but contained knowledge transfer in equity joint ventures, relative to bare license agreements: knowledge transfers directly related to the alliance activity are enhanced in the JV, and the speed of integration into the Japanese firm's subsequent innovations also increases."
"Using a novel style identification procedure, we show that style-shifting is a dynamic strategy commonly used by hedge fund managers."
"It considers the investment in accounts receivable, losses from bad debts and the impact of credit terms on sales."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2617.This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"We consider a generalization of the classical resource constrained project scheduling problem."
"heuristic was the fastest (most accurate) of the three in tightly (loosely) constrained problems."
"In this paper we shall examine some of these ideas at greater length than Koopmans permitted himself but without necessarily confining ourselves to the instant article by Kantorovich or to its preface by Koopmans."
"However, job rotation can create a moral hazard problem."
"Response mode and payoff never interacted."
"We show that user-generated content may strengthen or defeat firms' intended positioning (i.e., firms attract consumers located opposite to their chosen positions) and consumer surplus may be higher in the latter case."
"Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2628.This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"One of the private line network design problems in the telecommunications industry is to interconnect a set of customer locations through a ring of end offices so as to minimize the total tariff cost and provide reliability."
"We consider two bidding schemes that differ in the definition of bids (these may reflect either total payments or payments per unit of time) and in the timing of payments (before or after service)."
"Von Neumann-Morgenstern (vN-M) utility theory is the dominant theoretical model of risk preference."
"It yields a closed-form dynamic index policy capturing the key exploration versus exploitation trade-off and associated suboptimality bounds."
"failure"
"It is shown that with this evaluation measure, a division manager is best off communicating truthfully, regardless of the messages of all others."
"It uses response times to serious fires to measure performance and recognizes that the dispatcher has incomplete information about the seriousness of the incident when the decision is made."
"One advantage in this approach is that activities can then be cost-benefit traded relative to a simplified objective structure."
"This hypothesis was tested in an experimental study of preferences for pollution control alternatives."
"Using the data on time-to-recovery for individual drug-shortage incident and annual-days-of-shortage for each drug, we find that the new policy alleviates drug shortages, but its effectiveness is contingent upon the prevailing level of competition in the product category."
"These assumptions are: (1) the critical deficiency under which most managers operate is the lack of relevant information, (2) the manager needs the information he wants, (3) if a manager has the information he needs his decision milking will improve, (4) better communication between managers improves organizational performance, and (5) a manager does not have to understand how his information system works, only how to use it."
"Servers assigned to the same customer begin and end service concurrently."
"A redundancy is analogous to a directed path which passes through the same point more than once."
"The list of references does include, however, work not reviewed here, along with other survey and background material."
"p. 320)David Hirshleifer, Kewei Hou, Siew Hong TeohWhen investors value a firm, they should distinguish between the two components of earnings: cash flows from operations and accounting adjustments (operating accruals)."
"The computational results reveal that the new heuristic is not only superior to the other formulations regarding the computing time needed, but also outperforms the existing robust formulations in terms of the actual cost savings on the larger instances."
"Three parties with three independent interests—The Port Authority, the bus owners and operators, and the commuters—must be simultaneously satisfied."
"and (3) How can this variation be explained?"
"Together, we find no evidence of strong cannibalization between print books and e-books in the short term and no support for the sequential distribution of books in print versions followed by e-book versions."
"In our experiments, we allow subjects in “firms” to develop a culture, and then merge two firms."
"A short study of two procedures for constructing confidence intervals for a simulation response is offered as an example."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"When the supply network is complex (i.e., wide and deep), directly engaging all suppliers can lead to a larger gain by the initiator than fully delegating the negotiations with higher-tier suppliers to the first-tier ones."
"For example, from a specific event some activities are undertaken with certainty while others probabilistically."
"We show that the corresponding optimization problems for the weighted l1 norm and the weighted l2 norm are identical."
"Reducing congestion is a primary concern in the design and analysis of queueing networks, especially in systems where sources of randomness are characterized by high variability."
"An aggregate economy that exhibits risk aversion does not imply an economy of individual risk averters."
"Linear programming and sequential decisions."
"Three sub-optimal inspection policies are proposed, each, like the optimal policy, having decreasing times between successive inspections when the time to system failure has increasing hazard rate."
"The experimental results are compared in terms of relative profitability for the organization."
"These decisions have become increasingly urgent and complex because the state of the art in technology is changing rapidly."
"We then extend the model to include the lead time for the project as a variable, and demonstrate that the lead time should be reduced from that optimal under a deterministic future."
"Quick Response (QR) is a movement in the apparel industry to shorten lead time."
"The paper discusses the setting of the encoding process, including the use of sensitivity analyses to identify crucial state variables for which extensive encoding procedures are appropriate."
"The editors apologize for this oversight and offer their sincere thanks to the following referees for their vital support of the journal over the past year."
"Oper."
"Furthermore, we show that with “allocation flexibility,” the amount of safety stock needed in a system with independent and identically distributed demands does not grow with the number of customers but instead diminishes to zero and eventually becomes negative as the number of customers grows sufficiently large."
"Books Received"
"Six simple games are constructed and examined in the light of four different solution concepts."
"That is the question!"
"Tests reveal that both labor supply and demand influence local matching."
"The main advantage of the new approach is that it permits extensive sensitivity analysis which is important given the quality of the data."
"Even when human point forecasts are less accurate than data-based algorithm predictions, they can still help boost performance by being used as algorithm inputs."
"The results of applying a dynamic programming algorithm parameterized on available data to trade in real time are presented."
"In this paper, we propose a parsimonious model that allows us to study how reference groups influence firm behavior and that lends itself to experimental analysis."
"Furthermore, we also discuss how these rules can be visualized as a decision table in a compact and intuitive graphical format that facilitates easy consultation."
"The time for an equilibrium punctuation depends on the rate of incremental improvement of both technologies, and on the system’s resistance to switching between equilibria."
"We also show that the unconstrained problem can be solved efficiently via a linear program when items are substitutable and the price set has two values."
"In this paper we examine some of the control problems that arise if joint costs are assigned by various cost accounting and some internal pricing conventions."
"We introduce component-based technology transfer for the global firm as a means to deter or accommodate the imitators' entry, recognizing that components may differ in technological complexity."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"The experiments also show that use of the ratio estimator is advantageous even on machines with only a moderate degree of parallelism."
"Bayesian Dynamic Pricing Policies: Learning and Earning Under a Binary Prior Distribution (p. 570)J. Michael Harrison, N. Bora Keskin, Assaf ZeeviImagine that a bank makes loan decisions to consumers who call in sequentially, observing either success or failure in each sales attempt."
"These important questions remain largely unexplored as evidenced by the dearth of empirical research on the effect of asymmetric NPD alliances on shareholder value and on the apportionment of this value between the partner firms."
"We have N stages to sequentially construct I successful components."
"There are many decision making problems in which one seeks to choose the optimal package from a large number of indivisible independent proposals."
"A particularly revealing example is the existence of the so-called halo effect; this effect can profitably be exploited for making needed local adjustments, always, of course, with the rational base as framework."
"In contrast to earlier studies, the relative performance of Bayes-Stein was mixed."
"This paper was accepted by Duncan Simester, marketing"
"All problems considered in the 1939 paper reprinted in this issue are what would now be called linear programming problems."
"If the time to find parking is ignored, we show the introduction of an autonomous vehicle reduces the completion time of delivery to all customers by 0%–33%."
"Interestingly, this focused strategy can also be best with decreasing returns to attention when (a) managers are sufficiently efficient in processing the available data and (b) managers have sufficiently strong initial priors on the unknown market parameters."
"The article describes a procedure to maximize a strictly concave quadratic function subject to linear constraints in the form of inequalities."
"Instead, we assume that vans can only travel along a rectangular system of roads."
"For example, the fraction of fires in occupied structures getting an initial second engine rose from 65% with the traditional policy to 85% with our procedure, although both policies sent an initial second engine to the same fraction of all incidents."
"It studies generalizations of the cost function which are possible without spoiling the essential simplicity of the decision rules."
"However, differences in classification are persistent."
"This study examined how weights in multiattribute utility measurement change when objectives are split into more detailed levels."
"Two versions of the model are developed."
"We assess predictive accuracy in an out-of-sample task and completion time for both methods."
"The role of user participation and involvement is different, depending upon whether system use is mandatory or voluntary."
"We vary properties of the underlying cost structure (such as the skewness in resource costs, the traceability of resources to products, the sharing of resources across products, and the variance in resource consumption patterns) to address the generalizability of our findings and to show when different heuristics might be preferred."
"This procedure, with minor modifications, might be applied to many allocation problems which face users and management of computer systems."
"We argue that country-level integration (segmentation) does not preclude industry-level segmentation (integration)."
"Thus, simulation of a trajectory from the gamma process requires generating only a small number of uniforms, avoiding the expensive simulation of beta variates via numerical probability integral inversion."
"In this paper we study the dynamic inventory problem in which amounts of stock ordered at unit prices ck and ck+1 (ck > ck+1) are delivered, respectively, k and k + 1 periods later."
"The prediction markets forecast Google's post-IPO market capitalization relatively accurately."
"Conditions under which the sign of a sequence can be determined are derived."
"We also find that informed buyers, even with less superstitious or conspicuous spending motives, might still pay price premiums for lucky addresses."
"Basic Financial Management: Selected Readings."
"The economic cost of the “Runway Extension” option was the cost of constructing and maintaining the runway extension; the cost of the “Additional Flights” option was the cost to Pacific Western Airlines of providing the additional flights out of Kelowna."
"The present research develops and tests a theoretical extension of the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) that explains perceived usefulness and usage intentions in terms of social influence and cognitive instrumental processes."
"Remarks on “Inventory Valuations—An Analytic Technique” Management Science, Vol."
"The insight for management: Specialization may contribute to product quality, but too much specialization might limit opportunities to learn best practices and synergies with related products."
"Inventory control of finished goods inventory makes these latter decisions, but does so for each product, independently, without regard for the aggregate effect on the factory."
"We compare our method to the techniques used in related experiments that attempt to produce an ambiguous experience for the subjects."
"This TIMS gap is understandable but quite unnecessary."
"This paper was accepted by Gad Allon, operations management."
"Dynamic Experiments for Estimating Preferences: An Adaptive Method of Eliciting Time and Risk Parameters (p. 613)Olivier Toubia, Eric Johnson, Theodoros Evgeniou, Philippe DelquiéWhen trying to understand an individual's choices it would be helpful to know the decision maker's underlying preferences."
"We generate a range of solutions through sensitivity analysis, varying both the average waiting time and maximum distance constraints."
"Moreover, he or she is usually confused about how to make an effective analysis of the model without performing an excessive number of runs, which tend to be costly and time consuming."
"A homogeneous industry model of resource allocation to basic research and its policy implications."
"New York: Basic Books, 1968, 288 pp.,"
"However, to date there has been no systematic investigation of code reuse in open source software projects."
"This paper proposes a set of axioms for combining expert probability assessments."
"Thus, cumulative output was connected to unit costs through its role in conditioning incentives to undertake process R…D rather than as a proxy for production experience."
"Sufficient conditions have been developed for testing the optimality of solutions to all-integer and mixed-integer linear programming problems after coefficient changes in the right hand side and the objective function, or after introduction of new variables."
"After each component is constructed, we are informed as to whether or not it is successful."
"To that end, we study an elementary congested system facing an arriving stream of customers."
"In this paper, we study how to estimate the sensitivities of CVaR using Monte Carlo simulation."
"Hence, it may be profitable for both brands to reduce their promotion levels."
"With increasing economic integration, industrial reorganization, and blurring of national boundaries (e.g., European Union (EU)), it is important to investigate global integration at the industry level."
"The authors show that the optimal order-acceptance policy requires prioritization of orders, rationing based on resource imbalances, and matching available capacity and inventory to demand."
"We conclude that the properties a contractual form exhibits in a one-manufacturer supply chain may not carry over to the realistic setting in which multiple manufacturers must compete to sell their goods through the same retailer."
"The paper considers a specific class of problems in which improved forecasts of some unknown quantity are available before each decision stage."
"Using hierarchical statistical methods, we show significant improvements in the reliability of individual risk preference parameter estimates over other common methods for cumulative prospect theory."
"Aa a result, there is virtually no science in managerial work."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"By analyzing the structure of the underlying endogenous dynamic process, we show that the optimal dynamic pricing policy for durable products with zero or negligible marginal cost drops the price to zero infinitely often."
"We demonstrate that a menu of contracts is not necessary to address the adverse selection problem because the menu can be replicated by a single option contract."
"This paper was accepted by Sandra Slaughter, information systems."
"1995."
"First, we investigate whether access to a decision aid and historical information of competitors' outcomes yields more- or less-competitive decisions and outcomes."
"Is it sufficiently accurate to use a schedule designed for the same expected number of customers without no-shows?"
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"The insight for management: Norms for unenforceable “handshake agreements” can effectively substitute for weak enforceable restrictions."
"Active feature-value acquisition (AFA) selects features incrementally in an attempt to improve the predictive model most cost-effectively."
"A Linear Dynamic Programming (LDP) method is developed and applied to derive optimal temporal investments in the use of stock resources and long-term cropping plans."
"In this paper, we propose a new approach that uses artificial neural networks (ANNs) guided by genetic algorithms (GAs) to target households."
"The line is unpaced in the sense that items only move to the next workstation when all workers on the line have completed their respective tasks."
"Organizations have a choice of information and planning procedures to use for a coordinated plan."
"Organizations do consider a few alternative plans in an iterative process."
"This is to describe a proposal for comparing assumptions about the risks of war with our capabilities to handle those risks."
"But what determines the value of art?"
"Analysis of a particular sequence of program decisions takes account of the uncertainties in the ultimate economic performance (cents per kilowatt-hour) of the resulting commercial reactor, the time of commercial availability, and market penetration."
"This paper was accepted by Jesper Sørensen, organizations."
"The gamma bridge sampling method proposed by Avramidis et al. ("
"If the buyer's final product has a nonseparable architecture with respect to the components, first-best cannot be achieved even if both internal and external failures are contractible."
"Marketing tasks boost demand, but for demand to translate into sales, operational effort is required to maintain adequate inventory."
"The main results are in the form of conjectures about the upper tails of the waiting-time distributions."
"We generalize Narasimhan's (Narasimhan, Chakravarthi."
"failure"
"failure"
"Conformance quality represents a hospital’s level of adherence to evidence-based standards of care, whereas experiential quality represents the level of interaction between hospital’s caregivers and patients."
"However, an axiom system initially designed by Karni and Schmeidler (KS 1981) and further elaborated upon here does guarantee the desired uniqueness as well as a useful property of “stability” of the derived solution."
"included a two-day panel discussion on “The Current Uses of Linear Programming in American Business.”"
"The linearization technique of Glover, which seems to be the most efficient one appearing in the literature, requires the addition of n new continuous variables (unconstrained in sign) and 4n new linear constraints to equivalently represent a 0-1 “quadratic” integer problem with n variables."
"failure"
"This paper provides an iterative auction design for an important special case of the multiattribute allocation problem with special (preferential independent) additive structure on the buyer value and seller costs."
"Other difficult questions such as “how broad is a broad enough horizon of choices?”"
"as a starting point, and develop our analysis as an extension of his exposition (where delivery time is taken as being constant)."
"I see too that as this diversity shapes itself into a more unified attack, the objectives of TIMS and its peculiar role in intellectual and management activity will become clear."
"This paper describes a novel theoretical and empirical approach to tasks such as business process redesign and knowledge management."
"A primary advantage of the approach is that it allows people to explicitly represent the similarities (and differences) among related processes and to easily find or generate sensible alternatives for how a given process could be performed."
"This paper presents a framework for the analysis of operator learning cost with special reference to assembly groups."
"The second procedure is to infer the value of beta by adjusting OLS beta for cross-sectional differences in the intervalling effect as a function of the depth of the market for a security (as measured by its value of shares outstanding)."
"It accounts for the expected benefit of adaptive stopping policies for sampling, rather than of one-stage policies, as is common in the literature."
"The intuition for this result is that nonloyal consumers expect higher prices at a store with a larger loyal segment, and therefore, this store has to set a lower search cost to counteract the negative effect of this expectation."
"Comparing the career trajectories of employees who join start-ups with a matched control group of comparable workers without start-up experience, I perform a counterfactual analysis and find that start-up experience in this context has a persistent positive effect on earnings that extend outside the entrepreneurial environment."
"The findings here combined with results from other studies in this area suggest that the original TAM may be more appropriate than the two-version revised TAM."
"Our methodological approach considers a patient’s journey as a walk in a directed graph, where the costs on the arcs are derived by solving an inverse shortest path problem."
"The purpose of this paper is to prove certain properties of the present and future values of a sequence of cash flows which have applications in the theory of capital budgeting."
"Customers queue for the service based on service quality, delay costs, and price."
"The examples were selected to illustrate both the power and the limitations of present linear programming methods when applied to actual problems."
"Probability scores and their components were virtually identical for the two response modes and for all payoff groups."
"This, in turn, implies that even a small advantage in customer loyalty may lead to a large increase in profits and may help explain why some managers place such a high value on earning customer loyalty."
"It is hypothesized that if members of structurally diverse work groups engage in external knowledge sharing, their performance will improve because of this active exchange of knowledge through unique external sources."
"Using monthly production forecasts issued by the Big Three U.S. automobile manufacturers, we show that the frequency, horizon, and accuracy of the production forecasts increase when demand decreases and when the firms focus more on long-term profit."
"In this paper we analyze the capital budgeting problem of an organization which contains a central headquarters and K divisions."
"The problem arises in the management of transportation companies."
"Obtaining information can involve either waiting to receive some costless information or buying some additional information as well."
"We argue that today’s firms should view product design and investments to reduce buyer uncertainty as an integrated process, which is in turn influenced by how much information buyers can obtain from third-party infomediaries."
"The data required by the model can be obtained at reasonable cost provided management is willing to estimate or determine judgementally certain of the variables."
"The model also helps managers decide on the appropriate mix of process innovation relative to product innovation for R&D resource allocation purposes."
"These results explain why yield management has become so essential to fashion retailing and travel service industries."
"They largely reflect changes (or differences) in the technology and organization of production over time (or between similar producing units)."
"Just as the implicit volatility of an asset is revealed by an ordinary call option, the “implicit beta” of a stock would be revealed by the price of an option to exchange shares of stock for shares of a market index."
"In Model 2, if N = s + k ≥ s, then the customer is told the system state k and the remaining service times of all customers in the system, so that he balks with probability β + (1 − β)(1 − qk), where qk = P(T > Sk), T is exponentially distributed with mean α−1, Sk is the sum of k + 1 independent exponential random variables each with mean (sμ)−1, and μ−1 is the mean service time."
"An example is given which demonstrates that using a decision theory analysis for the basic chance-constrained model of stochastic linear programming may lead to an apparent dilemma, namely, 0 > EVSI > EVPI."
"We also manipulate whether the risk associated with unsold inventory lies with the retailer or the supplier or is endogenously determined in the bargaining process."
"The model is non-stochastic."
"Several reasonable assignment functions are examined with respect to which conditions they fulfil."
"It is also often believed that increasing the number of partnering firms is not conducive for collaborative effort."
"Further, the information elicited by the two techniques was qualitatively different, suggesting that the two methods might profitably be used as complementary elicitation techniques."
"The insight for management: Expected returns for a country's assets are negatively related to home bias."
"We find that the extent of a bank’s PPP participation is associated with relatively greater changes in risk-taking outside of the PPP."
"A quadratic equivalent of the minimum risk problem."
"Operations is the function that is uniquely associated with the design and management of these processes."
"The conventional method of estimating a probability prediction model by maximum likelihood (MLE) is a form of maximum score estimation with economic meaning."
"A verification procedure, based on the concept of predictive testing, was used conjointly with statistical goodness of fit and cross validation to validate the regression models."
"Previous work has established the form of optimal policies; however, computational results have been limited to the one-period case or to special structures."
"A classical approach to collecting and elaborating information to make entrepreneurial decisions combines search heuristics, such as trial and error, effectuation, and confirmatory search."
"Motivated by online platforms that rely on individual item scores for content recommendation and team selection, we study a special class of algorithms that select items based solely on individual performance measures known as test scores."
"This paper was accepted by Charles Corbett, operations management."
"During April, 1960, a meeting was held at the USSR Academy of Science, to discuss the use of mathematical methods in economic research and planning."
"Defining prominence using eigenvector centrality, we use matching methods and instrumental variables to show that startup CEO replacement occurs more often and faster when prominent VCs participate."
"Drawing on both qualitative and quantitative data, we show that patenting is a minority activity: a majority of the faculty in our sample never patent, and publication rates far outstrip patenting rates."
"A high rate usually implies that each worker processes many pieces per hour, enough so that work can be described as a deterministic hourly flow rate rather than, say, a stochastic number of discrete entities."
"In this learning setting, we establish finite-sample convergence guarantees on the model parameters."
"We estimated health spending from the Medical Expenditure Panel Survey and joint probabilities of workplace exposures from the General Social Survey, and we conducted a meta-analysis of the epidemiological literature to estimate the relative risks of poor health outcomes associated with exposure to these stressors."
"Adoption of the new technology may trail performance parity if the system’s resistance to switching is high."
"We model an autonomous vehicle that can drop off the delivery person at selected points in the city where the delivery person makes deliveries to the final addresses on foot."
"Specifically, we test the hypothesis that during China's warrants bubble period, speculative activities in the warrants market grabbed investors' attention and caused them to trade more speculatively in the underlying stocks."
"In contrast, network integration offers significant gains for firms serving primarily regular requests, almost independent of correlation."
"In 1973, Balut gave an algorithm to solve an n-job one machine scheduling problem in which processing times are random variables and the objective is to minimize the number of tardy jobs with a specified certainty level."
"We study how the presence of a monthly revenue-based quota impacts a retailer’s profits when prices are negotiated by a salesperson."
"Interestingly, a higher probability of implementation failure can lead to lower investment risks and higher expected profits."
"Because of the huge burden of responsibility for the operation of these systems, the manager is called upon to perform his work at an unrelenting pace, work that is characterized by variety, discontinuity and brevity."
"The analysis highlights an asymmetry in this trade-off, with excessively refined modules leading to cycling behavior and a lack of performance improvement."
"We provide examples that demonstrate that the proposed approach of Spence (1980) only identifies local optima without providing guidance on selecting the globally optimal pricing function."
"In a series of joint papers (16, 17, 18,19, 20) with I. C. Ross, we have combined a graph theoretical approach with matrix theory and set theory to handle problems concerning redundancies, liaison persons, cliques, and strengthening and weakening members of a group."
"Given a metric (distance function) on a space of probability distributions, a scoring rule is said to be effective if the forecaster's expected score is a strictly decreasing function of the distance between the elicited and “true” distributions."
"We allow both sides to refuse to trade by explicitly including reservation profit levels for both; for the supplier, this is implemented through a cutoff policy."
"This algorithm is based on a heuristic decomposition procedure and a specialized policy-iteration method to solve the single-item subproblems generated by the decomposition procedure."
"After making an additional approximation, steady-state waiting-time distributions are characterized via their Laplace transforms."
"In this paper we use simulation to find the maximum allowable arrival rates (in vehicles per hour) of stations of different sizes and formulate the station location problem as a set covering model."
"The authors show how downstream firms can still benefit from upward channel decentralization provided they can adjust their product positioning."
"I find that hidden fees decrease ratings by roughly 0.15 points (on a rating scale ranging from 1 to 5)."
"Our findings establish a link between unfair payment and heart rate variability."
"Selecting the right technologies to incorporate in new products is a particularly challenging aspect of new product definition and development."
"Management Sci.1 (1, October) 70–85; Vazsonyi, A. 1958."
"As a byproduct, constructions recently developed for polymatrix games are available for Bayesian equilibria."
"Data and the supplementary material are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.3015.This paper was accepted by Manel Baucells, decision analysis."
"Other interpretations of the model, besides the men and jobs interpretation, are also given."
"In practice, any system of transportation equipment and personnel must be designed to cope flexibly with unscheduled activities."
"Report of the second national meeting of the Institute of Management Sciences, held on October 20–21, 1955, in New York City."
"Interestingly, savvy investors are able to “correct” the reported sales and are able to accurately infer the firm's value."
"The focus of this paper is multiperiod production and sales planning when there is a single dominant production operation for which tooling (dies, molds, etc.)"
"A common objective of social science and business research is the modeling of the relationship between demographic/psychographic characteristics of individuals and the likelihood of certain behaviors for these same individuals."
"Algorithmic techniques are discussed elsewhere [Lippman, S. A., A. J. Rolfe, H. M. Wagner, J. S. C. Yuan."
"Eight test problems are used in this comparison, each solved using both exterior and interior penalty functions."
"We use the precise timing of high-profile police brutality and other racially charged events in the United States (2010–2020) to identify their effect on antiracism requests relative to a control group."
"Lastly, we conduct a follow-up experiment to confirm the central role of loss aversion as a behavioral driver."
"Reformulating the constraints as chance constraints, a nonlinear programming problem results."
"Transient investors decrease their stockholdings in response to increases in negative ESWOM such as anger, disgust, and fear."
"This raises the possibility that the monitoring of financial firms is especially undermined by conflicts of interest as a result of personal and professional links between these firms and their shareholders."
"The insight for management: Don't be overly swayed by reputation when evaluating the quality of new ideas."
"Results from these studies demonstrate that choices systematically deviate from those that maximize expected profit."
"Multiple-Unit Holdings Yield Attenuated Endowment Effects (p. 545)Katherine Burson, David Faro, Yuval RottenstreichIn terms of the psychology of wealth, is one piece of chocolate different from a box of chocolates?"
"A Lagrangian column-generation procedure is developed which retains the original problem functions for column generation but uses transformed penalty functions in the Lagrangian optimization."
"Our results reveal the following. ("
"These correspond to zeros of the adjoint function, and have the property that if they are known exactly, then a production-inventory plan which is optimal up to the next horizon point also forms part of the overall optimal plan."
"The authors analyze repetition in five opportunity data sets from online opportunities to classroom technologies comprising 1,368 opportunities and use that analysis to address three questions. ("
"Hopefully, others will be stimulated to pursue a similar line of investigation, or to provide alternative approaches."
"Game Theory in the Social Sciences: Concepts and Solutions."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"We conclude that while there is lower friction in many dimensions of Internet competition, branding, awareness, and trust remain important sources of heterogeneity among Internet retailers."
"We develop a procedure and the requisite theory for incorporating preference information in a novel way in the efficiency analysis of Decision Making Units."
"As a result, one unified approach, referred to as the AR-IDEA model, is achieved which includes not only imprecise data capabilities but also assurance region and cone-ratio envelopment concepts."
"The insight for management: A new modeling approach resolves prior violations in backward induction."
"Examples from case studies are presented to illustrate the challenges for risk analysis and policy analysis in the siting process."
"These functions are evaluated using data bases and analytical methods which provide estimates of exposure levels (traffic volumes, track conditions and population densities), spill occurrence and spill size probabilities, and fatal spill impacts (the size of the lethal area in any given accident scenario)."
"Exponential smoothing methods do not involve a formal procedure for identifying the underlying data generating process."
"The author finds that the scaled ICAPM performs well in general, and prices particularly well the momentum portfolios."
"Princeton, New Jersey: Van Nostrand Company, 1967, $11.40, 437 pp—reviewed by E. R. Arzac;—Wilde, D. J. and C. S. Beightler, Foundations of Optimization."
"The assembly line balancing problem is stated as:Given an assembly process made up of elemental tasks, each with a time required per unit of product and an ordering with other tasks, what is the least number of work stations needed to attain a desired production rate?The heuristic procedure for assembly line balancing consists of three phases: repeated simplification of the initial problem by grouping adjacent elemental tasks into compound tasks;solution of the simpler problems thus created by assigning tasks to work stations at the least complex level possible, breaking up the compound tasks into their elements only when necessary for a solution;smoothing the resulting balance by transferring tasks among work stations until the distribution of assigned time is as even as possible."
"Media scheduling: A stochastic dynamic model approach."
"Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2985.This paper was accepted by Gad Allon, operations management."
"In this paper, we examine pricing and advertising strategies when consumers can engage in prepurchase information acquisition."
"Exogenous work may enter the factory at any workstation according to any time-of-day profile."
"Yes—if they act quickly."
"Computation of the parameters of the optimal policy is also discussed."
"Our findings are consistent with an attribution bias that leads analysts who have experienced a short-lived success to become overconfident in their ability to forecast future earnings."
"We find that buyers used the channel to shift their demand geographically to exploit price differences, which reduced geographic price dispersion."
"Quadratic programming as an extension of conventional quadratic maximization."
"The results of these experiments are discussed."
"Finally, a system-level experiment, in which pairs of queues were created and analyzed, reveals that when the effects of last-place aversion are addressed, overall abandonment decreases, such that with equivalent arrival and service rates, total service provision can be increased."
"Two approaches are developed here for dynamic capacity planning problems with many locations."
"As firms work with fewer suppliers, they also engage in more repeated relationships."
"The authors find little support for contestants cooperating based on rational projections of competitors' behavior based on their stated intentions; that is, players do not seem to be more likely to cooperate if their opponent might be expected to cooperate."
"In many instances, repeated interactions with current team members are more revenue enhancing than individual successes in past movies."
"In both seasons of the tournament, prices from the prediction market were more accurate than the simple mean of forecasts from prediction polls."
"Our results suggest that more attention should be paid to management practices as important contributors to health outcomes and costs in the United States."
"Fund fees are related to the positions of their factor loadings in the industry and funds with more extreme risk factor loadings charge higher fees."
"To increase the likelihood of having at least one successful product, multiple approaches may be simultaneously funded at the various NPD stages."
"While the relative efficiency of the buyer and seller first-offer procedures must be examined on a case-by-case basis, it can be shown that the opportunity to make the first and final offer always confers a distinct bargaining advantage."
"Industrial sample data is then used to illustrate the solution of the optimal tool speed problem in a metal-cutting FMS."
"Each committee member has his own preferences, but the committee as a whole is responsible for making a decision."
"A natural question of bridging the gap between the online and quotation models leads us to the delayed quotation model, which we study briefly."
"In markets with weak preferences, firms pursue a no-preannouncement strategy in equilibrium to a formal preannouncement strategy where users and developers have strong taste preferences."
"We then apply our proposed estimators to two field experiments, one that assigned households to an intensive marketing intervention and one that assigned students to an antibullying intervention."
"$9.95;—Clegg, John C, Calculus of Variations."
"In addition to the usual decisions of action, other classes of decision include decisions of understanding, of recognition, and of enterprise."
"It provides motivation for greater scholarly investigation of the phenomenon of entrepreneurship, explains the evolution of the focused issue, offers an overview of the seven papers in the issue, and offers the editor’s thoughts on the relationship of the papers in the focused issue to research on entrepreneurship in general."
"We study the effect of consultative participation in an experimental principal–agent game, where the principal can consult the agent's preferred option regarding the cost function of the transfer to be implemented in the final stage of the game."
"The purpose of the present paper is to extend the loop-technique of the stepping-stone algorithm to the generalized transportation problem."
"An application is to propose a criterion of location independent riskiness."
"The problem faced by a single-product firm that must choose among alternative investments in capital equipment to meet a known demand for capacity in each discrete time period is formulated as a linear program."
"The optimal solution to each subproblem is then used to determine that the complete system optimum has been found or to find improved values of the decision variables."
"Thus, randomization among noncomparable options is costly relative to deliberate selection."
"This effect does not arise under contracts specifying action requirements."
"Statisticians and economists have become interested in industrial problems concomitantly with the increased attention in business to techniques of advanced management."
"Outcome-based pricing thus appears unlikely to solve the issues of high drug prices and high payer expenditures."
"Entry is measured by an independent software vendor's (ISV's) decision to become certified by a platform owner and produce applications compatible with the platform."
"What actually constitutes process and product innovation, however, is a confused issue in the current literature."
"Our model can be used to qualitatively replicate the empirical relation between measures of trust and investment, innovation, and productivity growth—at both the micro and macro level."
"One experiment suggests that, in a sequence of trials in the same game situation, people tend to start near an equilibrium point and then try to find a better equilibrium, if there is one."
"The firm designs a compensation plan to induce the agent to put effort into both marketing and operations while facing demand censoring (i.e., demand in excess of available inventory is unobservable)."
"Exploiting the hierarchical structure, we formulate the problem as a two-stage stochastic sequencing problem: the stochastic aggregate sequencing problem and the stochastic disaggregation problem."
"For the multi-machine maintenance problem, the sharing of the maintenance-repair crew creates a queuing system."
"Hopefully, this clarification will stimulate research to define optimal relationships between plant shape and layout."
"3) The transition period when it is optimal to use extensively both prevention and treatment is brief. ("
"Rosenblatt and Kaspi (Rosenblatt, M. J., M. Kaspi."
"Although closed-form solutions exist for this problem for certain cases of consumer preferences, many interesting scenarios cannot be easily handled without a numerical solution procedure."
"Chapter 2 in James H. Lorie et al.,"
"The intuition from options pricing theory is that higher uncertainty in project payoffs increases the real option value of managerial decision flexibility."
"Not many authors have attempted to classify projects according to any specific scheme, and those who have tried rarely offered extensive empirical evidence."
"Demand at the retailers is random, but stationary."
"p. 752)Pavan Rao Chennamaneni, Ramarao DesirajuMcDonald's and Disney regularly cross-promote products, and presumably both sides gain—but do more people go to the movie because of a toy, or do more people get the Happy Meal because of the movie?"
"Most of the inventory control systems now in operation assume a given price structure."
"1955."
"We investigate the efficiency of the decomposition models as organizational analogues during the first five iterations to simulate organizational planning cycles."
"We provide computational results to illustrate the convergence and accuracy of the resulting estimators."
"Results indicate that significant dollar savings can be achieved in total fire caused costs by considerably increasing the size of fire suppression organizations."
"Since August of 1997, when the Food and Drug Administration eased the restrictions on direct-to-consumer advertising (DTCA), there has been a dramatic increase in the use of DTCA by pharmaceutical firms to target end customers (patients)."
"The checks must be separated by bank number before shipment to the Federal Reserve or other banks."
"We study the problem of determining production quantities in each period of an infinite horizon for a single item produced in a capacity-limited facility."
"The web appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2648.This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"We believe this work contributes to the operations management literature in three ways."
"We also find that the benefit of queue pooling is smaller in systems with discretionary task completion than in systems with nondiscretionary task completion."
"In the former case the usual duality results are demonstrated using the principle of minimum potential energy."
"The experience of paying this late fee was so aversive for Hastings that it motivated him to take an action that would fundamentally change the entire video-rental industry: In 1997, Hastings founded Netflix."
"For example, the probability of overlooking a three percent yield improvement was above twenty percent in all but one plant."
"This study examines the effects of jurisdictions’ corporate taxes and other policies on firms’ headquarters (HQ) location decisions."
"The perceived risk models we propose unify a large body of empirical evidence regarding risk judgments, and provide sufficient flexibility to better capture people's perceptions of risk than previously developed risk models."
"Both optimal and heuristic procedures are developed for this problem and are based on a dynamic programming formulation."
"In the optimal solution, the platform applies different treatments to different locations."
"Books Received"
"Multi-stage decision processes are considered, in notation which is an outgrowth of that introduced by Denardo [Denardo, E. 1967."
"was received by the editor in September 1972, and this no doubt explains their apparent ignorance of recent literature."
"The basic assumptions and procedures of the scientific method must be examined as a prerequisite for such a determination."
"We solve a model of asset liquidation where investors realize utility over gains and losses, and utility is concave over gains and convex over losses."
"In its complexity and its vulnerability to market volatility, the constant proportion debt obligation (CPDO) might be viewed as the poster child for the excesses of financial engineering in the credit market."
"Are lone inventors more or less likely to invent breakthroughs?"
"While still exploratory in nature, this study attempts to suggest new inroads to the future study of modern project domains."
"Unlike prior-independent approaches, our algorithm’s meta regret grows sublinearly in N, demonstrating that the price of an unknown prior in Thompson sampling can be negligible in experiment-rich environments (large N)."
"This model is a multivariate analog of several well-known models for the univariate X̄-chart."
"J. Bus.61(4) 427–449.)"
"In the latter deterrence strategy, the global firm transfers enough component technology to the emerging market, reducing the global firm's variable cost to make the potential imitator's revenues so low that it is not worthwhile entering."
"It is shown that the relationships developed from a simple growth model are generally consistent with what is currently known about economic growth rates and R&D growth rates in a number of countries."
"We conduct an artefactual field experiment using a diversified sample of passengers of public transportation to study attitudes toward dishonesty."
"Because of its relaxed stability requirements, the bargaining set indicates more reasonable proposals than the one-core."
"The other is the “irrational,” the primitive often unexpressed mythic elements of his life."
"We cannot agree with this conclusion."
"In addition, a heuristic scheme is suggested when precedence constraints exist where such constraints may be assignment dependent."
"The paper reports on an empirical study of the management of technological transitions."
"Most of these have been purely theoretical analyses, although it is realized that the theory has many potential applications, [4, 6], particularly to so-called “repairman” problems and to problems in reliability."
"A game-theoretic analysis shows that this apprehension about cross-function alliances is consistent with a Pareto-inferior equilibrium."
"Results of a simulation experiment show the method to be highly robust, and significantly superior to existing approaches under many conditions."
"In each iteration of the scaled algorithm, two independent gradient estimates are sampled at the current estimate of the optimal input-parameter vector to compute a scale-free estimate of the next search direction."
"However, more general USV models can match the cross section of bond volatilities."
"We show that the optimal order acceptance policy is characterized by class prioritization, resource-imbalance-based rationing, and capacity-inventory-demand matching."
"We consider a discrete storage rack and a continuous storage rack."
"“Lock-box” is the popular term applied to an arrangement whereby a firm in one area directs their customers in another (distant) area to send their checks to a post-office box in the customer's area (city)."
"We then derive posterior probability estimates of the superiority of the alternative models from each of the criteria and evaluate the relative accuracy, bias, and information content of these probabilities."
"One such problem arises in those consumer goods warehousing systems which pack a large number of similar products, differing in size, into individual boxes for warehousing and subsequent shipment to the ultimate consumer."
"Implicit optimal modeling of flexible break assignments in labor staffing decisions for service operations."
"We model the situation in terms of queueing theory and answer the question."
"The industrial learning curve is widely used to predict costs and labor requirements wherever learning is taking place."
"When we are faced with a decision and learn one observable, this information not only helps us make the original decision, but also helps us decide if we should pay for more observables."
"This paper studies a queueing model in which two strategic servers choose their capacities/processing rates and faster service is costly."
"We find that for two of the three product categories studied, search propensity does not change from month to month."
"The effects on the sales are largely similar to the effects on product assortments."
"The model furthermore generates predictions on the relation between firm performance and spin-off performance."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2639.This paper was accepted by Yinyu-Ye, optimization."
"The authors find that CRM outsourcing is more beneficial to firms that are high on information technology capabilities and low on marketing capabilities, and that it is less beneficial when it concerns presales CRM."
"In this paper the basic ground rules of worst-case analysis of heuristics are reviewed, and a large variety of the existing types of worst-case results are described in terms of the knapsack problem."
"Moreover, we find that although nonfamily firms’ investment in employee relations is impeded by several constraints, such as short-term investor pressure, managerial myopia, and managerial agency problems, family firms do not suffer from such constraints."
"$9.95;—Sveshnikov, A. A. (editor), Problems in Probability Theory, Mathematical Statistics and Theory of Random Functions."
"To address these challenges, we propose a custom deep neural network model."
"Members of the same type have identical expected accuracy, and forecasters within a type have higher covariance than forecasters of different types."
"On Evaluation Costs in Strategic Factor Markets: The Implications for Competition and Organizational Design (p. 791)David Gaddis Ross“It's a seller's market” is the claim of investors who can't buy strategic factors economically."
"This paper empirically investigates the interplay between buyer search behavior and firm pricing strategy in a commodity market where many firms compete in price to sell homogeneous products."
"Alternatively, if both quantities are high, then the optimal portfolio contains only the familiar asset(s), as Keynes would have advocated."
"We show through examples that the Markov chains used to model many commonly encountered systems do have high-probability cycles, and existing importance-sampling schemes can lead to infinite variance in simulating such systems."
"We hypothesize that this finding obtains because periods of optimism attract equity investment by unsophisticated, overconfident, traders in risky opportunities (high beta stocks), whereas such traders stay along the sidelines during pessimistic periods."
"We discuss possible alternative explanations for the conflicting results associated with the uncertainty variable and identify future research opportunities in this area."
"Negotiation Behavior."
"The effects of discretion persist when we repeat the analysis controlling for the geographical location, corruption, social capital, and judicial efficiency in the region of the public buyers running the auctions."
"We discuss and rule out several candidate mechanisms for our effect."
"This paper examines how the use of the fixed fee in pricing contracts affects market outcomes of a manufacturer-retailer channel."
"1978."
"This paper discusses models for planning the social development of a country."
"Part I. Management Sci.17(1, September) 1–34."
"Negative dynamic programming."
"One common approach used to gain traction in these adjacent markets has been to pursue a tying strategy."
"The results presented to date have been mixed."
"An infinite number of customers always waits in front of the first station, and each customer passes through all of the stations in sequence."
"Initial simplifying assumptions about inspection policy, processing losses, and additional information are relaxed, and the modified forms of the resultant joint binomial distributions are presented."
"When consumers cannot assess product quality, a high-quality manufacturer is motivated to offer a base warranty to signal its quality."
"158 (SFAS158)."
"Purchase shares of major national brands in consumer packaged-goods industries vary substantially across stores, both between geographic markets and across stores within markets."
"E. S. Phelps et al.,"
"If this is decided in the affirmative, the posterior cost of uncertainty is determined and the net gain from this decision is obtained."
"A theory on the goodness and badness of fit between structure components and culture components is discussed and two of its many pieces are developed in detail."
"Therefore the date of a holiday may vary between two adjacent months from year to year."
"This study posits that the driver of IT impact is not the investment in the technology, but the actual usage of the technology."
"and Sinha [Sinha, S. M. 1966."
"We show that neither a linear recirculation fee, which is the Fed's current practice, nor a more sophisticated nonlinear fee is sufficient to guarantee a socially optimal response from DIs."
"We show that, depending on the design problem and the market characteristics, the designer should offer prototypes at a profit, at cost, or even for free."
"Concepts of robustness and stability are developed."
"We introduced short-term team incentives in a randomly selected subset of stores and measured for all stores, both before and after the intervention, the team’s sales performance and the team’s social cohesion as well as coworker support and peer pressure."
"When we detect that the machine has shifted to an out-of-control state, we stop the entire line and examine all previously uninspected items in the delay buffer; in this way, the buffer serves to reduce the expected rework and penalty (e.g., warranty) costs downstream when a process shift has occurred."
"Even though such bidirectional alliances have become more common, they remain challenging to manage because of the frequent disputes over capacity allocation, especially when demand is uncertain."
"In this paper, we investigate whether there exists a contractual mechanism that can mitigate the extent of these disputes while improving the profits of all participating firms."
"We disentangle the role of preferences from the structure of model uncertainty, which we define by means of a simple measure of disagreement across models."
"Some extensions of the discrete lotsizing and scheduling problem."
"The objective function is formulated in terms of variance and/or expectation."
"Bundling, which is the practice of selling two or more products or services in a package, is a pervasive marketing practice and is often used as a strategic competitive tool."
"An allocation problem of the above nature is the subject of the recent work of Luss and Gupta [Luss, M., S. K. Gupta."
"But some organizations will inevitably be driven to hybrid structures as they react to contradictory pressures or while they effect a transition from one configuration to another, and here too it is believed that the typology of five can serve as a diagnostic tool in organizational design."
"We show that the optimal auditing strategy takes the form of a “red flags strategy,” which consists in referring claims to a special investigative unit (SIU) when certain fraud indicators are observed."
"Winning a quality award also conveys information about the systematic risk of the firm."
"A dynamic or multiperiod location-allocation formulation is developed from the static problem of locating G facilities among M possible sites to serve N demand points."
"Our findings suggest that organizations can improve employee productivity by changing the likelihood of feedback, the reference group used to calculate relative performance, and the informativeness of the feedback message."
"In this new framework, risk is measured as semideviation (for second degree stochastic dominance), and semivariance (for third degree stochastic dominance)."
"3;—Fiacco, Anthony V. and Garth P. McCobmick, Nonlinear Programming."
"First, a model is selected not by how well it fits historical data but on its ability to accurately predict out-of-sample actual data."
"The proposed method clusters data such that the data points within a group are similar in the nonconfidential attribute values, whereas the confidential attribute values within a group are well distributed."
"Third, hedging exchange risk generally allows the U.S., but not Japanese, investors to benefit more from international diversification."
"We also investigate the strategic expressions and interpretations of confidence by both sides in the exchange."
"Many real-world analytics problems involve two significant challenges: prediction and optimization."
"The response exceeds that predicted by the change in probability of winning and is in part driven by women being more willing to compete against other women."
"In this work, we show that one can account precisely for (neither more nor less than) what we know of the risk preferences of an investor/policy maker when comparing and optimizing financial positions."
"An idealized example might be the case of two automobile manufacturers each of whom sells a low-priced and a high-priced car."
"Estimates of the marginal impacts of all of the included productivity factors are obtained to aid managers in improving productivity in software maintenance."
"Service firms have increasingly been competing for market share on the basis of delivery time."
"It shows how the introduction of risk considerations may alter drastically programs which are obtained for certain situations."
"Their purpose is to improve efficiency and quality of care through enhanced sharing of patient data."
"If an employee completes a task, could they have done more?"
"Proceedings of The Fourth International Conference On Operational Research."
"Our analysis suggests that changes in the standard deviations of forecasted earnings can work as a complementary disagreement measure that is comparable across stocks and immune from other return-predictive information contained in the normalization scalars of analyst forecast dispersion measures."
"This paper considers two specific problems in telecommunication, namely the Terrestrial Flight Telephone System and the rerouting of international telephone calls."
"The convergence property of R&D rivalry states that when the technology levels of two rivals differ by a wide margin, the one with a lower technology level will be the only one doing R&D to narrow the technological gap between the two rivals."
"The objective is to minimize response time to allow for the most effective clean up possible."
"An analysis for the multiple server case is also provided."
"Several rolling horizon procedures are developed for this case and a computational comparison is given."
"We find that startups with more capable founding teams commit to a late exit, whereas those with less capable founding teams commit to an early exit."
"Patent Citations as a Measure of Knowledge Flows from Public Research (p. 504)Michael Roach, Wesley M. CohenWhat constitutes knowledge flow?"
"We construct a queueing model of the U.S. detention and removal operations, and derive approximate analytical expressions for key performance measures, including a simple normal approximation for the required number of beds."
"We also found that judgment times and response errors were strongly positively correlated at the item level, consistent with our assumption that preference uncertainty generated by stimulus characteristics is manifested in judgment time and error."
"In support, our empirical analysis shows that funds with higher expense ratios have less convex fund flow–performance relations and less convex U-shaped relations between relative risk and prior performance; funds with younger managers, who face greater employment risk, have more convex U-shaped relative risk–prior performance relations; and managers in larger fund families have lower incentives to engage in risk shifting, thereby leading to a less convex U-shaped relation."
"An example illustrates the use of these models."
"A model for engineering design, which provides both the expected total cost and cost variance, is developed based upon division of the elements of variability into several categories."
"We find that disparities in creditworthiness constrain Black entrepreneurs, but perceptions of treatment by banks also hold them back."
"However, the fruitful use of statistics in accounting requires full consideration of both statistical and accounting aspects of any particular problem."
"This is a tough choice faced by triage nurses, first-level technical support agents, and employees making maintenance decisions."
"Additionally, socially isolated members participated more in discussions and emphasized more of their unique knowledge than did socially connected members."
"Is it the case that more sophisticated techniques—such as those which accompany operations research developments—will produce a difference in the observed ratios of labor to capital inputs in these (or other) industries?"
"We analyze payment contracts between the two firms."
"failure"
"He has made very important contributions in pure mathematics in the theory of functional analysis, and has made equally important contributions to applied mathematics in numerical analysis and the theory and practice of computation."
"Management Sci.7(2) 179–183]."
"Rev. Econom."
"Chicago, Illinois: Aldine Publishing Company, 1969, 194 pp.,"
"Because influence diagrams model each chance variable with a conditional probability distribution, the MMC method lends itself well to influence diagram representations."
"Our measure is based on the intuition that informed traders are more likely than uninformed traders to generate abnormal volume in options or stock markets."
"A symmetric distribution of information, although omnipresent in real markets, is rarely considered in experimental economics."
"We find that two factors, the number of dealerships in a manufacturer's distribution network and a manufacturer's production flexibility, explain essentially all of the difference in finished-goods inventory between Toyota and three other manufacturers: Chrysler, Ford, and General Motors."
"Findings include (1) the need for an insurmountable gap in performance to stimulate the decision to reuse others' knowledge; (2) the critical importance of an adapter to bridge the idea source and recipient; (3) three layers of search-and-evaluate activities in which the first layer of scanning to find ideas to reuse and the last layer of detailed analysis of ideas are bridged by a layer of brief evaluations of ideas assessing the presence (or absence) of targeted information about each idea; and (4) the differential use of metaknowledge about each idea to facilitate proceeding through each search-and-evaluate layer."
"It has often been argued that an organization's strategy and structure must be tailored or matched to the challenges posed by its environment."
"A strategic consumer chooses between a purchase at the initial full price and a later purchase at an uncertain markdown price."
"The rate of growth manifests itself in (1) the size and complexity of problems being tackled, and (2) the widening sphere of techniques being brought in to use."
"A problem in optimal machine loading."
"Results are consistent with GCs straying from their role as gatekeepers, to some extent, when highly compensated in a manner similar to the CEO and CFO."
"Sentiment exhibits an asymmetric effect in that low sentiment dampens price to a greater extent compared with the price-boosting effect of high sentiment."
"This paper considers the case in which the decision process includes among the alternatives some that are probability mixtures of others."
"New technologies such as product simulators and virtual reality now allow firms to provide realistic product usage experiences and reduce buyer uncertainty about product quality."
"By Jay R. Greene and Roger L. Sisson."
"The results indicate that there are important and complicated interactions between the alternative organizational structures simulated, the form of the information systems supporting those structures, and the task environment."
"A conceptual comparison, simulation study, tests to address endogeneity concerns, and three empirical studies demonstrate the appeal of these two new features, relative to the benefits of existing discrete choice experiments, especially when estimating willingness to pay."
"The calibrated model suggests that return predictability can significantly increase both the utility loss due to capital gains tax and the value of deferring capital gains realization."
"Such “node collapse” can radically restructure the network in one transaction, constituting a revolutionary change compared with the incremental effect of tie additions and deletions, which have been the focus of prior research."
"The manufacturing and marketing managers within each firm are presented with conflicting incentives focused on cost minimization and revenue maximization, respectively."
"Digital distribution introduces many new strategic questions for the creative industries—notably, how the use of new digital channels will impact sales in established channels."
"The approach should be particularly useful in dealing with multi-stage decision problems involving design and/or operation of facilities and multi-period public projects where a variety of desiderata must be considered (i.e., a simple cost or benefit function is inadequate)."
"We then show that dealers’ ability to adjust prices in response to inventory depends on their market power, that is, the quantity of substitute inventory in their selling area."
"Our research empirically analyzes the characteristics of the Internet as a channel for two categories of homogeneous products—books and CDs."
"Controlling digital piracy has remained a top priority for manufacturers of information goods, as well as for many governments around the world."
"Management Sci.14 (4, December) B-236–B-249.)"
"Identification results from variation in brokerage degree among coauthors linked to a star scientist who dies."
"However, human trading generates significant price discovery, though its volume is low."
"Many classification methods have been suggested in the literature to tackle this problem."
"Specifically, we consider two types of flexibility—logistics flexibility and process flexibility—and examine how demand, production, and supply variability at a single stage impacts the best stage in the supply chain for each type of flexibility."
"We draw on an exogenous announcement of negative news by the Food and Drug Administration and explore how it affects interventional cardiologists deciding between two types of cardiac stents."
"The findings suggest that a system-guided or a more structured model manipulation strategy and the display of incremental changes significantly improve performance."
"Numerical experiments on shortest-path and portfolio-optimization problems show that the SPO framework can lead to significant improvement under the predict-then-optimize paradigm, in particular, when the prediction model being trained is misspecified."
"Monitoring changes the behavior of those who are monitored and those who monitor others."
"Further analyses of the sensitivity of the finding to different assumptions (e.g., correlation in the preference orderings of the two groups, or use of nonlinear conversion from ranks to utilities) also resulted in a superior performance of the multiplicative utility algorithm in terms of a more equitable outcome."
"1961."
"In our experimental setting, people work harder and expect to rank better when told that they may learn their ranking, relative to cases when feedback will not be provided."
"We take this opportunity to trace the history of the Marketing Department in Management Science, outline the role that the Marketing Department has played in supporting management science research in Marketing, its impact on the field, and its plans for the future."
"We seek to identify these effects in U.S. automobile sales."
"The more common and less interesting type is that of the directed program, that is to say, the one which has been set either by the head of the department or by past tradition."
"The observed biases are measured irrespective to risk preferences and they appear under a variety of conditions."
"E-commerce has proved to be fertile ground for new business models, which may be patented (for up to 20 years) and have potentially far-reaching impact on the e-commerce landscape."
"Using a new mathematical approach, we prove that our closed-loop solution is a global Nash equilibrium."
"In this paper, the sampling plans studied are those commonly used in acceptance sampling, and the replacement policy consists in replacing lots judged defective by the sampling procedure."
"More specifically, the hypothesis of a linear relationship between u(x) and v(x) is clearly rejected in favor of an exponential relationship."
"Simply put, the buy and sell orders tend to be at focal points."
"This paper determines the optimal bid price for a fine bidding against several other firms, when each firm estimates its own cost and the cost estimates of the prices of other firms."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"A definition of intuitive behavior is proposed based on the willingness of the manager to use a particular verbalization of his decision process as a basis for delegating the decision to a particular recipient."
"Errata to the author's paper “Note on Level-Debt-Service Municipal Bidding”, in Management Science, Vol."
"Statistical findings from negative binomial regressions show that mobility is more likely to result in interfirm knowledge transfer when (1) the hiring firm is less path dependent, (2) the hired engineers possess technological expertise distant from that of the hiring firm, and (3) the hired engineers work in noncore technological areas in their new firm."
"In the paper “On Jockeying in Queues” (Management Science, Vol."
"Consistent with prior research the authors find that online customers significantly increase their banking activity, acquire more products, and perform more transactions."
"The editors of Management Science acknowledge all of our 2018 reviewers and guest associate editors, who generously provided expert counsel and guidance on a voluntary basis."
"Most retailers today sell products through an online channel in addition to traditional physical stores."
"American universities are experimenting with new mechanisms for promoting the commercialization of academic research and generating revenue from university intellectual property."
"The treatment effect is stronger among workers who are more likely to hold their employer accountable for the drop in their pension rights."
"Ideally, these demands should be shipped immediately."
"By integrating the Kalman filter with the random coefficients logit demand model, our estimation allows us to capture the dynamics of brand equity as well as to model consumer heterogeneity using store-level data."
"For example, the Level II MOEs can be used as inputs into a programming problem that determines the optimal allocation of resources among component activities."
"155 pp."
"These savings can be directly translated into increased throughput capacity for existing systems and can be used to improve the design of proposed systems."
"Many such projects, however, require large-scale investments that are recoverable only over very long lifetimes of operation."
"Previous work dealt with the problems of nervousness in Material Requirements Planning (MRP) Systems when production schedules were modified to include setups which previously had not been scheduled."
"Consistent with the reciprocal pressure hypothesis, we find that reciprocity-pressured analysts delay releasing negative information on other major underwriters’ clients despite the fact that these analysts’ affiliated underwriters do not receive fees from those clients."
"Contemporary research on organizations has cast doubt on the extent to which organizations can be expected to adapt to their environments through rational, anticipatory action."
"This paper investigates empirically the effect of market power on dynamic pricing in the presence of inventories."
"Scranton, Pa.: International Textbook Co., 1967, 953 pp.,"
"There are differences in management in different industries and even within the same industry in a single country."
"Increased return covariation suggests that this information impacts the pricing of debt and equity in the same direction."
"The number of public exits is stochastic; frequently a losing “bidder” will remain silent, giving no indication of his willingness to pay, and hence yielding no useful inference about his private information."
"The presence of budgets introduces dynamic interactions among advertisers that need to be taken into account when attempting to characterize the bidding landscape or the impact of changes in the auction design."
"This paper illustrates how demand from a randomly assigned control group can be used to test the effectiveness of different technologies in increasing short-term price elasticity."
"This strategy is flexible and efficient, as it can address both linear and nonlinear problems of realistic size while achieving near-optimal solutions through easily implemented algorithms in reasonable timescales."
"The upper and lower bounds of the value of flow dominance are derived as a function of the number of facilities."
"Management Sci."
"Further investigation at a more granular level indicates that water scarcity compels manufacturing facilities to lower their toxic releases into media other than water (i.e., land or air)."
"The insight for management: New approaches to solving consumption investment problems to near optimality allow for more efficient solution times."
"As it turns out, the eyes boring into the back of the “cutter” might be the best enforcement mechanism to reduce cutting."
"We develop a model of noisy bidder-entry costs that is consistent with these behaviors, and we show that our model organizes the experimental data well."
"We accomplish this by proving a conditional limit theorem for the distribution of the sample paths leading to a system failure, given that a system failure occurs before the system returns to the state with all components operational."
"Other measures of information arrival, such as price volatility and volume, spike after the data release."
"The assignment of tasks to stations is subject to precedence conditions, caused by technological constraints, and a lower bound on the probability of the work at any station being completed within the cycle time."
"The authors find that, in some cases, a myopic policy can work out."
"Our results indicate that firms with higher-quality IPO information are more likely to provide early earnings guidance."
"The drawbacks come from the fact that there is less of a pooling effect in the new organization than in the original one."
"Heuristic programming is the construction of computer problem-solving programs whose behavior is similarly organized."
"In this study, cyclical schedules average 4.4% higher in cost than noncyclical ones."
"A method for calculating a lower bound on the cost function is presented, and this forms the basis for an algorithm to determine optimal solutions."
"In particular, we consider the following practical strategic questions for the manager of a knowledge-intensive firm: Should her firm develop a formal knowledge system?"
"Asymptotic confidence interval estimators of the variance parameter σ2 = limn → ∞ n Var((1/n) ∑ni = 1 Xi) are described in this paper for observations X1, X2,…,Xn from a strictly stationary phi-mixing stochastic process."
"The e-companion is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2936.This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"Despite its requirement that insiders plan trades when not privately informed, the rule appears to enable strategic trade."
"Our analysis indicates that viable schemes exist for implementing optional reinsurance as a prospective payment option."
"In particular, they exhibit a form of home bias that leads to higher exposure to the domestic relative to the international stock market."
"Differential levels of information input distortion and observer overlap were compared."
"We propose a novel robust optimization solution methodology that builds on the assignment problem."
"This paper was accepted by Barrie R. Nault, information systems."
"We identify reliance on basic R&D—the importance of universities and research centers as an information source for the innovation process—as an important contextual variable affecting complementarity between internal and external innovation activities."
"These may be submitted in English, French, German, Russian or Spanish provided they are received on or before January 1, 1967, so that they may be translated into English and Spanish, the official meeting languages, prior to printing."
"Tests of the model indicate that it is both profitable and generally applicable by most business firms."
"A statistical summary of the objective function values, decision variable values, and slack variable values completes the procedure."
"We find that success in men’s football and basketball has a significant impact on a school’s respective football and basketball revenues; however, the effect is different based on the type of school."
"The sensitivity of future repurchases to past losses costs firms, on average, about 3.7% per year."
"The new algorithm is illustrated by examples from capital budgeting."
"Quart."
"A computational procedure based on the solution of a set of recursive equations is also presented."
"Furthermore, we prove that Problem II is equivalent to a policy that is widely used and is easy to compute."
"This paper presents an approach to the following problem involving uncertainty: the choice of sample design for the estimation of parameters which are not identified prior to the sample selection."
"We replicate the “diversity trumps ability” proposition for large groups, showing that samples of heterogeneous agents outperform same-sized homogeneous teams of high ability."
"Our conceptual model accounts for momentum that occurs within a performance period as well as that which occurs across periods."
"Management Sci. ("
"Books Received"
"Nevertheless, we find that structural virality is typically low, and remains so independent of size, suggesting that popularity is largely driven by the size of the largest broadcast."
"We apply dynamic programming policy improvement to develop an effective dynamic allocation heuristic."
"This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"The service times capture a two-time-scale phenomenon and are not independent and identically distributed. ("
"Further, the subjects receiving the written DA generated more strategic alternatives than those receiving the written DIS or E. The DA also reduced the effects of an “expert report” on subjects' final recommendations while the DIS did not."
"First, we consider the historical evolution of managerial value conflict, as they are rooted in a fundamental value polarisation reflected in U. S. society."
"The insight for management: Public celebration of employee success may risk poaching and higher turnover, but the in-kind payment may also allow for the firm to pay lower employee wages."
"Therefore, we should expect more support for the CCAPM during the period surrounding the end of the tax year, i.e., the fourth and first quarters in Japan where the tax year ends in December, and the first and second quarters in the United Kingdom where the tax year ends in April."
"Numerical results are provided which indicate that the procedure may provide significant savings over non-Bayesian techniques."
"For a two-stage stochastic programming with recourse model the deterministic equivalent model is found using a Bayesian approach."
"This combination worked adequately in an area—safety—where the results of decisions could not be forecasted with any accuracy."
"We consider expected utility maximizers choosing from a family of risky prospects and examine how choice is influenced by the decision makers attitude to risk."
"The authors identify a significant positive impact of training on employee performance: A unit increase in training is linked to a 2.14% increase in an employee's performance."
"The question of how initial resource endowments-the stocks of resources that entrepreneurs contribute to their new ventures at the time of founding-affect organizational life chances is one of significant interest in organizational ecology, evolutionary theory, and entrepreneurship research."
"The parameter convergence guarantees are then extended to out-of-sample performance guarantees in terms of revenue, in the form of a high-probability bound on the gap between the expected revenue of the best action taken under the estimated parameters and the revenue generated by a decision maker with full knowledge of the choice model."
"We show that quality may either increase or decrease as WOM expands."
"Here we show that the classical paradoxes for decisions under risk can be explained with preferences that are linear in probabilities for any choice set and that maximize an expected-utility function with respect to an endogenous target return."
"This overweighting bias was found for several weighting techniques, but the techniques that used holistic judgments to derive weights were affected somewhat less than techniques that used decomposed attribute weights."
"These plans can have different payment structures and risk allocations, which induce various types of incentives for agents in the service chain."
"The dual program is original and is a contribution to the theory of facilities location as well as providing a new efficient method of computing optimal facilities location in certain cases where linear constraints are present."
"Empirical evidence suggests that decision makers often weight successive additional units of a valued attribute or monetary endowment unequally, so that their utility functions are intrinsically nonlinear or irregularly shaped."
"However, it makes no claim of completeness since its main aim is to recall important debts and describe what it has been like to be a part of the development of decision analysis in the past few decades."
"1968."
"This consists of setting up a training grade to supplement an organisation of fixed size."
"For these elections we recreate possible underlying preferences of the electorate."
"Expected and discounted utility theories, and also their descendants such as prospect theory and hyperbolic discounting theory, simply assert stable mappings to describe choice data and offer no account of the instability we find."
"Comparisons with the common incentive contract tell us when the cost-plus contest induces more effort, and when bidding for a contest results in a lower final procurement price."
"This is a surprising confirmation of a well-known deterministic rule of investment theory and practice in a rather different context."
"Abstracts of proposed papers for inclusion in the program are invited."
"We compare the implications of speculation versus hedging channels for bond markets in heterogeneous agents’ economies."
"This paper describes the use of GI/M/c and heavy-traffic GI/G/c queues for modeling the utilization of community correctional centers or halfway houses in the District of Columbia."
"The classical hypothesis asserting that the discount rate is uniform across scenarios, time delays, and sums of cashflow was flatly rejected."
"We find that experience in previous markets increased the probability that a firm would enter a new market."
"Oper."
"We consider both effects of DTCA in the presence of a detailing program in a competitive environment."
"Portfolio theory must address the fact that, in reality, portfolio managers are evaluated relative to a benchmark, and therefore adopt risk management practices to account for the benchmark performance."
"One bound is applicable to the uniform processor problem, the other bound can be applied to the general processor problem."
"We experimentally test how effort responds to wages—randomly assigned to accrue to individuals or to a charity—in the presence of expectations-based reference points or targets."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Three possible objective functions are discussed; minimizing total throughput time for all projects: minimizing the time by which all projects are completed (i.e., minimizing makespan); and minimizing total lateness or lateness penalty for all projects."
"He discovers these actions one after another, paying a certain cost each time."
"Exposure to environmental cues triggers sudden preference reversals in several choice contexts, including consumption and intertemporal, social, and risky choices."
"Our results offer an approach for capturing the experience held by fluid teams and highlight the need to study context-specific measures of experience, including role experience."
"This study presents a number of important results for managers interested in scheduling projects and setting due dates."
"Descriptive and normative modeling of decision making under risk and uncertainty have grown apart over the past decade."
"Results of the Bureau of Budget report Measuring Productivity of Federal Government Organizations are summarized."
"This paper proposes a seeding strategy to maximize information propagation while accounting for competition for attention."
"We use hospital nurses as subjects in a laboratory experiment, where, unknown to them, two medication administration supplies are missing."
"The new procedure also allows us to study the correlation between competitiveness and parameters such as overconfidence, attitudes toward risk, and ambiguity."
"It is convenient to appraise the present situation in decision theory terms."
"If they both steal, they get nothing."
"The insight for management: Under some conditions the appropriate response to environmental change is a renewed focus on exploiting existing knowledge and opportunities rather than a costly pursuit of new information that may itself be obsolete."
"Book Reviews—Klír, J., and M. Valach, Cybernetic Modelling."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"Given multiple contract and walk-in classes, the rental firm has to decide when to offer service to contract customers and what fees to charge walk-in customers for service."
"Results in this paper reveal the importance of match specificity in productivity, driven by complementarities between firm and manager attributes."
"In particular, others may find it helpful to review the way in which the objective function is developed, the way particular aspects of the dispatch problem are treated, the provision of several parameters for tuning behavior, and features of the simulation testing."
"So are neurophysiologists and psychoanalysts."
"The first is the change in the probability of a consumer purchasing a product immediately after having sampled the product."
"This reduces its marginal cost and highlights a specific synergy of integrating hedging with speculation."
"These measures—one for each institution—summarize relevant information on the interaction between the liabilities structure and the shocks to resources, and they can be useful to determine optimal intervention policies."
"The manager chooses a compensation scheme for the worker from either a piece rate or a tournament payment scheme and is paid based on the workers performance in the task."
"Drawing on the premise that the diversification decisions are driven by antecedent factors such as a firm’s existing resources (Teece 1982) and industry structural conditions, this paper develops formal hypotheses for reciprocity between the type of diversification and mode of expansion decisions."
"The analysis identifies a set of dominant relationships, characterizes how the buyer’s optimal choice among these relationships depends on firms’ relative competitiveness in the product market and the supplier’s speed of capability development, and shows how the optimal choice evolves with the dynamics of the supplier’s capability development."
"Market-wide price shocks are prevalent and large, with rapid spillovers across markets."
"We present a cross-functional approach to evaluating multiple line extensions that simultaneously considers revenue implications of component sharing at the product level and cost implications at the component level."
"We also show that flat pricing can lead to substantially lower carbon emissions and a higher consumer surplus."
"In addition, there is an uncertain relationship between customer lifetime and purchase behavior."
"Dammon et al. ("
"We investigate these benefits in the context of a supply chain in which a manufacturer supplies expensive, low-demand items to vertically integrated or autonomous retailers via one central depot."
"If a piece of equipment is replaced, how much longer could it have lasted?"
"The Davidon-Fleteher-Powell method is used to generate the search directions."
"Chicago: Robert J. Mayer & Co., 1967, 296 pp."
"Furthermore, this paper provides evidence that queue transparency is an effective service design lever that managers can use to reduce the deleterious effects of last-place aversion in queues."
"Management Sci.22 (2, October) 172–181] in their study of computer algorithms versus humans in designing plant layouts."
"In a recent contribution, Mansfield (Mansfield, Edwin."
"However, often practitioners instead form a rank-ordered list of activities and select those with the highest priority."
"Shadow banks play an important role in the modern financial system and are arguably the source of key vulnerabilities that led to the 2007–2009 financial crisis."
"We also use basic diversification concepts, from portfolio theory, to analyze risk reduction in a unique framework."
"By comparison, examiner-added citations are typically unrelated to improvements in performance or follow-on invention."
"This analysis should provide system designers and administrators guidance toward achieving effective file migration control."
"This paper was accepted by Charles Corbett, operations management."
"New York: Appleton-Century-Crofts, Inc., 1967, 242 pp.,"
"On scheduling tasks with associated linear loss functions."
"For assessing such a function, interpersonal comparisons of preferences are required."
"The model is intended for use within the framework of the systems approach for engineering and economic planning."
"This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"An alternative means of achieving the objectives of the runway extension was also considered: lowering the average demand per flight by simply increasing the number of flights out of Kelowna."
"As predicted by the model, the presence of a third party which stimulates the user to neglect the possible implications of power asymmetry so that effective communication among the parties is reestablished nullifies the disturbing effect of power asymmetry and semantic gap mentioned above."
"However, the search literature typically only models one pass search across stores, ignoring revisits to stores; the choice literature using scanner data has modeled search across time, but not search across stores in the same model."
"Nyles V. Reinfeld and William R. Vogel."
"It is based on a structural econometric model of utility-maximizing donors who can derive both altruistic (from the welfare of others) and egoistic (from personal motivations) utilities from donating—a unique feature of philanthropic giving."
"The export increase comes exclusively from small sellers and exclusively along the extensive margin—that is, from new sellers or new destinations."
"Buyers subscribe to the contract before resolution of the uncertainty."
"In the first case, the suggested rule is a necessary and sufficient criterion for efficiency analysis, while in the second case we provide only sufficiency conditions for dominance."
"In addition, these best feasible solutions dominate the corresponding solutions obtained by a hierarchical procedure."
"Our motivation for carrying out this work was to find a method of locating and tracing negative cycles to use as a subroutine in Klein's [Klein, M. 1967."
"The issue is important in at least three settings: monitoring the size and growth rate of a firm's ongoing customer base, evaluating a new product's success based on the pattern of trial and repeat purchases, and targeting a subgroup of customers for advertising and promotions."
"This paper is concerned with one of an integrated series of operations research studies directed toward improvement in such scheduling methods."
"We use a competitive search (price-posting) framework to experimentally examine how buyer information and fairness perceptions affect market behavior."
"Transitions probabilities from state to state are determined by the decisions."
"Computational results indicate that both algorithms significantly outperform an alternative DP approach suggested by Henig (Henig, M. I. 1986."
"In an early paper, Griffith and Stewart (Griffith, R. E., R. A. Stewart."
"In these circumstances the basic linear programming technique is insufficient, and a model has been developed as a multi-item newsboy problem in which a number of linear resource constraints affect the decision variables."
"Because of the numerous combinations of technology and network configuration pairings, the Sweeney-Tatham reduction method is utilized to reduce the problem to a computationally tractable size."
"We consider several sales mechanisms, e.g., auction mechanisms, name-your-own-price mechanisms, and multiple heterogeneous sales channels."
"By contrast, we find that when people spend a longer time waiting in a line, they tend to consume more."
"Management Sci.3 (1) 97–101.]."
"Sponsors' day-by-day losses correlate strongly with Google search intensity regarding the endorsement-related impact of the scandal, as well as with qualitative indicators of “endorsement-related news.”"
"On the contrary, the object is to deal with specific situations, and with an illustrative industrial application."
"Adaptive smoothing using evolutionary spectra."
"failure"
"In the assortment planning problem, we also differentiate between the static vs. dynamic substitution models of customer demand."
"In fact, repeated interactions between team members improve current revenues even if such interactions were unsuccessful."
"While coupons increase profits on average, the effect on each firm’s profits depends on the firm’s characteristics."
"This state-dependence based linkage between brand choice and purchase timing comes about due to the attribute satiation notion associated with household variety seeking behavior."
"We argue that the seller achieves this goal by maximizing the worst-case expected revenue across all value distributions in the ambiguity set and by positing that the bidders have Knightian preferences."
"Advertising content might contain quality information, price information, and attributes to appeal to a certain subset of customers."
"Recently, a stream of theoretical development concerning the design of optimal compensation plans has emerged in the marketing literature."
"The implications of the results for a theory of organizational learning are discussed."
"Stable and precise estimates of production rates would be highly useful, for example, in working out an optimal production policy, particularly with respect to planning and scheduling."
"Moreover, the effects we document strengthen with time as showrooms contribute not only to brand awareness but also to what we term channel awareness as well."
"It is shown that both the reswitching property and the convergence property of R&D rivalry are robust under the alternate assumption."
"Furthermore, these states with weaker noncompete restrictions have positive effects on the number of patents, the number of firm starts, and employment."
"However, when credit markets came under stress in 2007, CPDOs were among the first to unravel."
"The insight for management: Modeling approaches contribute to the understanding of the psychological processes involved in newsvendor decisions and have implications for supply chain financing and contract design."
"Drawing on a cross section of 2,146 individuals (1,178 males and 968 females) from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys’ 2011–2012 sample, and controlling for endogeneity (with red blood cell count, percentage hematocrit, and zinc supplement intake in the past 30 days as instruments), we find that serum testosterone levels are positively associated with self-employment for males (marginally significant, two-tailed test)."
"Naturally, the faster the site can learn a user's profile, the sooner the site can benefit from personalization."
"However, this environment is evolutive, and may be the subject of an optimization research."
"The approach suggested by Wright (Wright, D. J. 1986."
"This research focuses on the effect of setup time on lot sizing."
"Reader comments and discussion is to be encouraged."
"1962."
"The findings on retail investor ad-induced trading are corroborated with hourly data from Robinhood, a popular retail trading platform."
"A full-sample analysis fails to link water scarcity to lower toxic releases to water, but a further breakdown shows that manufacturing facilities in counties with a higher incidence of drought do lower their toxic releases to water."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.2053.This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"However, the conditions offered merely comprise a restatement of Zangwill's definition of convergence, and, as such, their potential usefulness is limited."
"The recognition of this effect significantly improves the performance of this methodology."
"We examine the role of political ideology in portfolio formation by studying a unique set of investors whose ideology can be precisely captured by a well-defined, continuous measure and whose personal asset allocation decisions are mandatorily disclosed, namely, the members of the U.S. Congress."
"In the event that the values of the variables yielding the absolute minimum do not satisfy the constraints, an equivalent and simplified quadratic problem in the “Lagrange multipliers” is derived."
"An exploration of the margin of error entailed in using a “one-point move” algorithm for solving a class of fixed-charge problems."
"Within the context of the computational framework, we find that the benefits of re-thinking decisions and of matching the organizational design to the task environment are questionable."
"This paper develops a framework for analyzing business-to-business (B2B) transactions and supply chain management based on integrating contract procurement markets with spot markets using capacity options and forwards."
"Numerical comparisons are given for both cost models in the case of Weibull failure times."
"Communications to the editor—A communication on adaptive smoothing using evolutionary spectra."
"An application of the model to a small sample problem indicates the information requirements, SD test results, and the evaluation of the tests."
"We show that the vendor typically releases the patch less expeditiously than is socially optimal."
"The effectiveness of these alternative modifications is tested through a series of simulation experiments."
"We show that an effective way to overcome this bias is by making the implications of one’s behavior salient in real time, while individuals can directly adapt."
"Indeed, they often do just the opposite, by giving good employees impressive-sounding job titles and awards and, if asked, providing good letters of recommendation."
"New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1962, 254 pp—reviewed by Malcolm H. Gotterer;—Ford, L. R. and Fulkerson, D. R. Flows in networks."
"6 (February 1972), pp."
"Subjective time estimates in critical path planning—-A preliminary analysis."
"Briefly surveyed is computational experience with a newly developed algorithm that makes the technique competitive with known methodology. ("
"The concepts have evolved from integrated studies on reliability, maintainability and logistics problems and have proven to be productive in the solution of varied types of support problems."
"The TS method developed here incorporates a number of features that have proved useful for obtaining optimal and near optimal solutions to difficult combinatorial problems."
"By contrast, we find no evidence of spillover effects across specialties for elective admissions."
"The key idea of this paper is that, when tail thickness is responsible for violation of subadditivity, eliciting proper conditioning information may restore VaR rationale for decentralized risk management."
"Discrete optimal control of production plans."
"First, an algorithm is introduced where the role of the heuristic scheduling urgency factor is expanded from one of solely determining the order in which activities are considered for scheduling at a given instant, to one of determining the combination of activities to be scheduled at this instant."
"An empirical application to three major stock indexes shows that VaR is generally unresponsive to extreme events such as those experienced during the recent financial crisis, whereas ES provides a more accurate description of the risk involved."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2990.This paper was accepted by Martin Lariviere, operations management."
"Conversely, we find that the presence of social learning tends to be beneficial for the consumers only provided they are sufficiently forward-looking."
"The results are further extended to the cases of backlogging, bounded inventory, and capacitated purchase."
"These charges form the largest portion of the cost of providing long-distance service."
"In many optimization problems the objective function may depend on a random set of coefficients that have some known distribution."
"High baseline users displayed a larger conservation effect, in line with the notion that real-time feedback helps eliminate “slack” in resource use."
"When we ask whether this complex of methods can also be applied to development problems, it seems appropriate to summarize also what seems to be characteristic for these problems."
"Finally, when process standardization is understood as marking the beginning (and not the end) of further improvement efforts, the normal inertial tendencies of organizations with respect to adaptive learning can be partially overcome."
"Motivated by these issues, we adopt a life-cycle environmental impact perspective and analytically investigate if leasing can be both more profitable and have a lower total environmental impact."
"We examine three broad classes of heuristic techniques—row-scanning deletion, column-scanning deletion, and row-scanning addition—for the extraction of large embedded networks."
"Obsolescence is defined as a demand state, in such a fashion as to permit appraisal, ex ante, of the probability of arrival of obsolescence at future times, under the assumption that there are many possible states of demand."
"We provide some of the first large-sample evidence consistent with the use of non-GAAP EPS metrics in both financial reporting and compensation contracting."
"Workers, who in general are cross-trained, may work part time or full time shifts, may start work only at designated shift starting times, and may change job assignments at mid shift."
"John Wiley and Sons, New York.]"
"We extend the persuasion game to bring it squarely into the economics of advertising."
"Front-line clinical staff is forced to ration resources and, at the same time, becomes more error prone as a result of elevated stress hormone levels."
"A next step is to test whether this approach materially improves the results of hypothesis testing in organizations."
"This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"The need for simulation arises because the state space of such systems is typically huge, making numerical computation inefficient."
"We then formulate a complete behavioral model and solution methodology based on the MBR rationale and show that the bounds derived earlier continue to hold."
"Finally, we stress that tail thickness required to violate subadditivity, even for small probabilities, remains an extreme situation because it corresponds to such poor conditioning information that expected loss appears to be infinite."
"The latter may depend on experiences realized at previous steps."
"However, the standard devices for doing this often produce an inordinate number of variables and constraints, putting the problem beyond the practical reach of available integer programming methods."
"This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"Some results are distribution-free in that they depend only on the mean price change."
"The Impact of Availability Information on Customer Behavior (p. 713)Gad Allon, Achal BassambooExpedia tells the user, “Only 2 seats left at this price!”"
"Cambridge, Mass.: The M. I. T. Press, 1967, 536 pp.,"
"If the stake holder removes a fraction of the pool, then a solution is not guaranteed, but will exist if this difference in win-place weighting is sufficient."
"Understanding how private firms respond to potential entry from public firms is especially important in light of recent U.S. government entry into several industries."
"These shopbots automatically search a large number of vendors for price and availability."
"Other models developed for more homogeneous sub-samples of managers accounted for 75 to 85 per cent of the variance in judgments of overall effectiveness."
"I propose that organizational form and prices may be systematically related as a result of brand externalities."
"Product price risk is a potentially important factor for firms’ liquidity management."
"A current problem in marketing research involves the use of scale measures of consumer characteristics to develop homogeneous classifications of consumers."
"Probabilities produced by MLE can be either too conservative or too bold relative to those found by maximizing utility under more risk-tolerant or risk-averse score functions."
"The model is not meant to be generally descriptive of group dynamics."
"The simulations suggest that the proposed method recovers true parameter values well under various circumstances."
"Typically, density forecasts that are inputs to analytical call center simulation models assume Poisson arrivals with a stochastic arrival rate."
"1970."
"Wary of high wholesale prices, a retailer may hold excess inventory to convey a lower willingness to pay in future interactions and thereby strategically undercut future wholesale prices."
"This paper proposes a procedure for establishing a complete social preference ordering on the set of alternative projects when the group preference is fuzzy because of individual differences."
"In practice many data series contain observations at irregular times whereas most forecasting methods are restricted to the case of equal time intervals between data points."
"We derive some analytical results that illustrate how different model parameters affect the optimal solution and provide useful insights for managing components in the assemble-to-order environment."
"Furthermore, we explore our model to characterize the effect of demand forecasting accuracy on firm profitability."
"The models developed here incorporate equity in a more satisfactory manner than have previous efforts."
"For the Machine Loading model, the simplex method reduces to a specialized algorithm which generalizes the stepping stone method of the Transportation Problem [2], [3]."
"Consistent with the notion that renegotiation improves contracting efficiency by eliminating errors in financial covenants, I show that the distance of the covenant variable to its new contractual threshold better predicts a borrower’s creditworthiness than does the distance to the original threshold absent the renegotiation."
"We propose that at the HTF, local search will dominate and firms will be influenced by HTF product introductions of similarly sized, successful firms."
"We discuss the implications of our findings for the disintermediation of financial markets and the design of decentralized electronic markets."
"The translog results suggest that constant reruns are operant, whereas the DEA results suggest that both increasing and decreasing returns to scale may be observed in different segments of the production correspondence, in turn suggesting that the translog model may be ‘averaging’ diametrically opposite behavior."
"The study provides a theory of salespeople’s behavior—aggregate effort and the product-type focus—in response to the temporal length of a sales quota cycle."
"Division managers are assumed to act to maximize their evaluation measures so that managerial shirking is not considered."
"8 (1979), p. 810) and Robinson (Management Science, Vol."
"It is demonstrated that the nonlinearity of the proposed charge scheme flaunts equilibrium results identical to linear user-charge programs but elicits superior dynamic characteristics."
"In fact, a common justification for organizational change is that the circumstances in which the organization finds itself have changed, thereby eroding the value of utilizing existing knowledge."
"Management Sci.13(9, May) 648–671.]"
"Consumers pay a higher price for each new product because they anticipate using it for longer, which increases manufacturers' profits."
"Somewhat surprisingly, the question how this necessarily approximate description of the uncertainty should be constructed has received relatively little attention in the stochastic programming literature."
"Most performance evaluation models in the operations management literature implicitly assume that tasks possess standardized completion criteria."
"To control for environmental factors, the project summaries were tailored to be compatible or incompatible with each individual's cognitive style."
"For a firm, it is important to form some expectations as to the lifetime value of each customer at the time a customer starts doing business with the firm, and at each purchase by the customer."
"Further, Monte Carlo experiments demonstrate that these benefits arise from the significant heterogeneity in how social media measures and other film characteristics influence box office outcomes."
"We propose that investors tend to anchor on cum-day prices in valuating ex-distribution stocks, resulting in a positive association between ex-day returns and adjustment factors."
"The cost of production is assumed to be convex and the firm is allowed to hold inventories."
"The analysis predicts that a brand's likelihood of using price promotions increases with an increase in the number of competing brands in a product category."
"An opportunistic replacement policy makes the replacement of a single uninspected part conditional on the state (good or failed) of one or more continuously inspected (monitored) parts."
"Less crucial than earlier believed, at least over the factor settings simulated, are inventory record inaccuracy, equipment failures, and vendor reliability."
"A common decision problem involves the selection of k alternatives from a larger but finite set."
"Date Envelopment Analysis (DEA) employs mathematical programming to measure the relative efficiency of Decision Making Units (DMUs)."
"The capital asset pricing model and strategic planning."
"In general, filtering provides a framework for “joint charting” of the future collaboratively, by aiming at the evolution of a “reasonable consensus” from a base of what may appear initially to be “unreasonable vetoes.”"
"Also examined is the impact of the Internet on entertainment activities so as to help cleanse the Internet penetration coefficient of that impact."
"Such demand pooling provides two benefits for the retailer: it reduces the overstocking cost, and after inventory reoptimization, it results in a higher fill rate at the B&M store, which benefits existing customers and potentially attracts more customers to the store."
"Importantly, in contrast to previous seeding literature that assumed a fixed and nonnegative connectivity parameter of the Bonacich measure, we demonstrate that this connectivity parameter is negative and needs to be estimated."
"It predicts higher-than-rational usage that attenuates at a rate that increases with sunk costs."
"Our estimates imply that high underwriter prestige is associated with 5.3%–14.1% greater equilibrium surplus."
"Limited computational tests indicate the magnitude of the improvements possible with total redistribution, and the sensitivities of these improvements to model parameters."
"New York: Spartan Books, 1968, 464 pp.,"
"I characterize how the disclosure threshold depends on the underlying security, the prior, and the cost of investment."
"A summary of the relevance of these results in capital budgeting is given in the Summary."
"Results from three studies supported this hypothesis."
"Empirical findings from two historical episodes in the Bangladesh garment industry suggest that industry knowledge seeding was essential for the initial establishment and subsequent expansion of the industry."
"As expected, performance decreases following the merging of two laboratory firms."
"These remarks are concerned with the policies of the journal of the Institute."
"Second, managers still decide the order quantity for their own store, whereas their inventories are pooled together."
"We also show that if the economic and political frictions caused by running the subsidy programs is significant, the subsidy that benefits both consumers and farmers may actually result in lower social welfare."
"For project leadership it shows why and how management should adapt a more project-specific style."
"This allows an explicit characterization of the price of capacity options and the value of managerial flexibility, as well as providing conditions under which B2B exchanges are efficient and sustainable."
"However, in this auction the computational burden of evaluating synergies rests with the bidders claiming those synergies, while the auctioneer simply checks that a bid is valid."
"The financing choice of the entrepreneur is determined by a new trade-off between the likelihood of persuading investors and relinquishing cash flow rights."
"An attribute specification has several advantages over traditional, vector-based, finite mixture specifications; specifically, the attribute mixture model offers a more appropriate aggregation of information than does the vector specification facilitating estimation."
"We take the same approach to show that the infeasibility of the approximation is small."
"A numerical example is given, and the concluding comments point to directions for further research."
"However, the proof for Propositions 3 and 4 in [1] is not exactly valid and therefore a correction has to be made."
"Lack of understanding of the “production process” for teaching and research, and a lack of approved procedures for making cost allocations, make it difficult to organize formal planning systems at the level of an academic department."
"The efficacy of a small number of heuristics in combination with certain priority rules is demonstrated."
"For example, a movie studio might consider numerous scripts, eliminating all but the one they choose to pursue."
"Instead, we show evidence that managers of style-shifting funds exhibit both style-timing ability and the skill of generating abnormal returns in new styles."
"Contrary to the belief that trust and vulnerability go hand in hand, I identify conditions where TATT and optimal costly formal controls are complements."
"We find that our strategy performs well in general, and it can be applied to known estimated rules and the resulting new rules outperform the original ones."
"Further, these strategies are robust for separate experiments using a different setup."
"Empirical results indicate that piecewise linear splines with a modest number of knots fit these data well, substantially better than heterogeneous linear and log-linear a priori specifications."
"explains many of these “framing” effects as shifts in the point of reference from which prospects are evaluated."
"The restrictions affect statistical tests of portfolio efficiency, which are developed for the self-financing restrictions."
"The main results extend to cases when partial backup sourcing is allowed, both suppliers are unreliable, recovery times are non-memoryless, an unreliable supplier may provide a richer set of contingent prices, or the supplier may be risk averse."
"Thicker markets can offer more opportunities for participants to meet and higher chances that a potential match exists."
"This paper considers the problem of determining the optimal ordering quantities of a purchased item where there are step changes in price, either up or down."
"Consistent with theories of status, however, the effect of the prize is significantly larger when there is uncertainty about article quality, and when prize winners are of (relatively) low status at the time of election to the HHMI Investigator Program."
"This inconsistency may be explained by incorporating consumer heterogeneity along unobservable attributes into a model of competition."
"The effect is driven by a relative increase in the listing price of, and in the demand for, apartments distant from vis-à-vis proximate to subway stations."
"There is still uncertainty surrounding the survival of such new electronic markets currently available on the Internet."
"The CMs achieve high capacity utilization through pooling (supplying many different OEMs)."
"Quart.20 250–259.),"
"In this paper we explore the degree to which patents are representative of the magnitude, direction, and impact of the knowledge spilling out of the university by focusing on the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), and in particular, on the Departments of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering."
"The new role will offer exciting opportunities for the field of organizational science, including its enhanced ability to discover knowledge that has both universal applicability and global relevance."
"The purpose of this study is to develop an applicable method for solving the cash management problem by deriving a linear programming model that is divided into unequal periods."
"Six models which remove some of the theoretical and methodological restrictions are therefore presented."
"How do we combine others’ probability forecasts?"
"Furthermore, future earnings announcement returns mimic the pattern of abnormal stock returns documented for the Consistent- and Inconsistent-Growth portfolios, respectively, corroborating our main findings."
"In the last few years we have witnessed another upsurge of interest which far surpasses any of its predecessors, with respect to the quantity and quality of the work accomplished as well as its overall impact on the business community."
"failure"
"Surprisingly, because of congestion effects, the agent should sometimes diagnose the customer as being of a given type, even if test results indicate otherwise."
"We focus on the fines specified by the contract when the operator fails to comply with the service level it has agreed to provide, and on a procedure to measure that service level."
"We argue that safety tipping points occur when managerial escalation policies are exhausted and workload variability buffers are depleted."
"On the basis of the theoretical arguments, various specific computational procedures are developed which could be used to solve the integer programming problem."
"Increasingly, betas are being used to estimate the cost of capital for corporations."
"Management Sci.28 1313–1327.)"
"The oath, however, has a weaker effect on lying in the neutral environment."
"This permits us to compare and evaluate in a consistent manner lotteries with different supports and to revisit the portfolio choice problem."
"An objective is to demonstrate the wide applicability of branch and bound to combinatorial problems in general."
"340 pp."
"We study two decision-elicitation methods: the strategy and the direct response methods."
"If trying the early market is so costly that startups have to make a mutually exclusive choice between an early and late sale, startups sell inefficiently late."
"Some administrators and scholars have advocated for mandatory disclosure of these payments in order to reduce this conflict of interest, but many practitioners believe disclosure has little effect on prescribing, and the empirical evidence is mixed."
"Similarly, we hypothesize that aggregate performance affects unemployment most when both firm-level dispersion is high and aggregate performance is low, based on the sectoral shift theory."
"A Branch and Bound algorithm which uses the bounds obtained by the relaxation was developed and tested."
"Our model accounts for selection correction, potential cross-correlation across the residuals from the models of firm value changes for the larger and smaller firms, and unobserved heterogeneity."
"John Wiley and Sons, Inc., New York.)"
"Inattention and imperfect information bias behavior toward the salient and immediately visible."
"A dynamic programming algorithm for joint replenishment under general order cost functions."
"Unpublished doctoral dissertation, The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, 1968, available through University Microfilms, Ann Arbor, Dissertation No."
"The contextual bandit literature has traditionally focused on algorithms that address the exploration–exploitation tradeoff."
"”This paper was accepted by Jerome Detemple, finance."
"Using a large sample of mutual fund managers, we find strong support for the hypothesized U-shaped relation between relative risk and prior performance."
"The seven priority rules tested were chosen on the basis that they could be implemented by job shop foremen."
"The major findings are substantial individual differences that do not diminish with practice, aggregate behavior that is organized extremely well in both the domains of gains and losses by the Nash equilibrium solution, and variations in the population action strategies with repeated play of the stage game that are accounted for by a variant of an adaptive learning model due to Roth and Erev (1995)."
"Determinants and Outcomes of Internet Banking Adoption (p. 291)Mei Xue, Lorin M. Hitt, Pei-yu ChenWhat factors drive the decision to adopt an Internet banking service and subsequent customer profitability?"
"The findings clearly indicate links between the two typologies, i.e., associations between strategic types and strategy-making modes, and that certain combinations are more conducive to enhancing organizational performance than others."
"2) At the outside, how many opportunities might be generated if there were abundant time to generate them?"
"We test these equilibrium predictions in an experiment where we exogenously vary the type of alliance and the number of partnering firms."
"Our findings are relevant to the business models of Internet firms and contribute to inform the regulatory debate on consumer privacy."
"We then show that all multiattribute one-switch utility functions can be approximated by a sum of two multiattribute exponential utilities (sumex utility)."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"The two duty period scheduling problem is an integer programming problem with 0-1 constraint coefficients."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"Therefore, in discussing progress I will be dealing for the most part with work done in connection with such systems."
"We develop an analytical model to assist the design and control of probabilistic distribution systems."
"The experiment helped to persuade the Wharton School to adopt the new mechanism and helped guide aspects of its practical implementation, especially around preference reporting."
"This finding is consistent with and complements the growing body of research that emphasizes the importance of entrepreneurial background in developing knowledge about new-venture strategy and structure."
"Under an upper bound on derivatives leverage, full termination reduces payment shortfalls compared with selective termination."
"Our methodology has three benefits compared to previous studies that also examine the link between labor mobility and knowledge flow: (1) it does not suffer from the upward bias inherent in the conventional cross-sectional comparison, (2) it generates results that are robust to a more stringently matched control sample, and (3) it enables a temporal examination of knowledge flow patterns."
"failure"
"M. E. Salveson discussed various problems concerned with setting up production lines."
"This question is associated with the following one: What information is needed about demand in order that the optimal solution on some time interval may be found?"
"Under most conditions, the strategies of incorporating a change cost to discourage schedule changes or freezing the schedule within the planning horizon appear to be dominant."
"Our results suggest that the two prescriptive analytics approaches can result in substantial performance improvements of up to 58% compared with traditional approaches."
"The implications of these findings for the study of marketing strategy are discussed."
"The approach is based upon the theory of games and focuses upon the uncertainties of contract funding and their effect on company policy."
"The cycle time which will minimize the sum of inventory, backorder, and setup charges is determined."
"The enumeration of the bidding strategies across different types of feedback, along with the analysis of their economic implications, is offered to help practitioners design better combinatorial auction environments."
"Three topics have been selected (in three sections that follow) which have recently come into prominence: uncertainty, combinatorial problems, and large scale systems."
"And the search for newer and better techniques presses on."
"The model implementations utilize recent advances in integer programming theory which enables sales managers and sales representatives to quickly develop and evaluate alternative sales resource allocation strategies."
"We address potential endogeneity in the supply of venture capital by using endowment returns as an instrumental variable."
"Most national economic data and many marketing series are compiled monthly according to the Gregorian Calendar, but some of the ancient festivals or holidays, such as Easter, Jewish Passover, and Chinese New Year, are set by lunar calendar."
"Chinese firms experience large negative returns, especially in steel, business equipment, and chemical manufacturers, whereas the rest of the world experiences positive returns."
"This design enables us to investigate the temporal stability of intrinsic risk attitude."
"This article outlines a network approach to the study of technological change."
"Air travel also broadens the investor base of firms and lowers their cost of equity by approximately 1%."
"Quantile regressions demonstrate that the effect is more than an upward mean shift."
"The form of the optimal water utilization policy for a hydroelectric installation (at which the assumptions of the model are satisfied) is described."
"Because retailers are unaware of the third party, the production process becomes obscure and cannot be tracked."
"To investigate this further, we conduct post hoc analyses by distinguishing between the granular elements of experiential quality (EQ) based on task type: response-focused EQ and communication-focused EQ."
"Its origins may reach far back."
"We show that the adaptive distributionally robust linear optimization problem can be formulated as a classical robust optimization problem."
"Moreover, the scaled ICAPM compares favorably with alternative asset pricing models in pricing both sets of equity portfolios."
"These approximations can be used in conjunction with parametric decomposition methods to analyze queueing networks."
"We call this phenomenon the optimizer’s curse and argue that it is not well understood or appreciated in the decision analysis and management science communities."
"A communication model of dialectical inquiring systems—A strategy for strategic planning."
"We find that there are positive spillovers (caused by positive market reactions) and negative spillovers (caused by negative market reactions) that are driven by the market reactions of event firms."
"We apply our model to milk purchases at grocery stores; hence, the model also accounts for repeat purchases across time, inventory holding by households, and grocery basket effects."
"1968."
"In this paper, we provide an exact and quite general analysis of this problem."
"We compare these results with those obtained for pure inventory systems, where lead times are exogenous."
"Two of these processes are used to increase system efficiency."
"Data for the diffusion process and attendant structural change are presented in terms of models."
"The experimental results (1) supported Bowman's hypotheses, and (2) indicated the effects of forecast error and horizon length on the performance of the three decision making modes and on the formation of intuitive scheduling strategies."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"We note that the special case without these additional features can be used to study one-time purchases with repeat store visits as in the case of durable goods and online shopping."
"This study develops an empirically-based framework for analyzing development time in such contexts."
"In the Bayesian persuasion framework, I show that it is optimal to truthfully reveal whether the project’s cash flows are above a threshold."
"While individual competition for matching funds had nearly the same effectiveness as matching all donations, by far the most effective approach was to form (anonymous) teams that competed for matching funds; this led to donations of 47% of the endowment."
"The operation of the university library as a means to supply information is examined."
"Our results suggest that firms may need to evolve from a segmentation mindset, which views each customer in isolation, to a customer portfolio mindset, which recognizes that the value of different customers is interlinked."
"Management Sci.12(3, November) 151–179.]"
"The objective of the share-of-choice problem (a common approach to new product design) is to find the design that maximizes the number of respondents for whom the new product’s utility exceeds a specific hurdle (reservation utility)."
"A key insight offered by this paper is that an efficient implementation of cooperative cache management is possible because, in the centralized scenario, the object allocation resulting in the best social welfare can be found easily as a solution to a transportation problem."
"We consider a retailer that sells a product with uncertain demand over a finite selling season."
"Two often-faced challenges in operation management and management science applications are the absence of informative priors and the inability to control parameter learning rates."
"Several referees were inadvertently omitted from the December 2004 issue of Management Science."
"We examine whether human capital investments directed toward employee training are effective in improving employee performance."
"Thus the paper may have a somewhat wider significance than its title or primary purpose might suggest."
"However, I find that, in the long run, atypical combination may lead to a worse collective box-office performance because of the way it changes the market structure."
"Data were gathered from a questionnaire survey of 69 pairs of clients and IS project leaders."
"The trust-building process is basic to social science."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"Hence, redistribution during the cycle should be considered."
"It is shown that a number of fundamental optimal routing and design problems for communication networks consisting of facilities for transmission, switching, relaying, etc.,"
"Experimental results comparing programmed solutions with lower bounds of running time are given."
"While ρ is computable in polynomial time, we derive a lower bound that possesses the same properties, is tight for several important model variations, and is even easier to compute."
"has suggested a linear programming formulation for on optimal steady state solution of sequential decision models."
"The study illustrates the usefulness of accounting for network effects for better understanding individual performance in virtual groups."
"This paper applies, to ballistic missile systems, replacement policies for equipment subject to stochastic failures in which the actual state of the system—good or failed—is not known with certainty."
"The behavior of the model to variation of the model parameters is discussed."
"These problems are shown to be closely related."
"As a result, the platform lost 5.6% of potential matches because of the increased market size."
"The precise costs of operating a stationary finite Markov system are assumed undefined."
"However, for split-award auctions with nonregularly distributed costs, the sealed-bid prices are actually higher than predicted by theory."
"As a result, they exhibit a bias toward decisions that they have already chosen and inertia that slows the movement to new decisions."
"Such technically trained personnel are often used to develop advanced planning methods and/or operating policies within a company."
"This paper was accepted by Yan Chen, decision analysis."
"When firms with unequal capacities use the opaque selling strategy, consumers know more clearly where the opaque ticket is from and the efficacy of opaque selling decreases."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, 1967, $7.95, 258 pp—reviewed by Thomas P. Ference;—Hadley, G., Introduction to Probability and Statistical Decision Theory."
"The special case P(x) = min(x, 1) is also considered in detail."
"For cardiac treatment (but not for child deliveries), we find evidence that hospitals with larger financial losses during the financial crisis subsequently increased their use of intensive treatments relative to hospitals with smaller losses, consistent with the effects of financing constraints."
"Thus, organizational changes are associated with significant risks of employee health problems."
"To answer these questions, we decompose the channels of upstream productivity spillovers—from customers to suppliers—by developing a structural econometric model on a sample of approximately 22,500 supply chain dyads."
"The results from the analysis in this paper provide more general implications for crowdfunding, its structure, and its regulation."
"The optimal product positioning is formulated as a Stackelberg-Nash (leader-followers) equilibrium which can be solved numerically using recent advances in the field of variational inequalities."
"By making the Web hyperspecific to our interests, does it fragment Internet users, reducing shared experiences and narrowing media consumption?"
"With AVM dispatching and no beats, the average travel time of the second-arriving one-officer unit to a Type 2 call is almost always less than the average travel time of the first-arriving two-officer unit."
"1970."
"Although a provider may not want this reinsurance, participation is mandatory."
"The extensive use of information technologies by organizations to collect and share personal data has raised strong privacy concerns."
"The approach is based on optimizations, posited on the model space, that have constraints specifying the level of dependency measured by a nonparametric distance to some nominal independent and identically distributed input model."
"Subscriptions to the respective journals would be provided for these reviewers."
"A simulation model was used to develop a set of general rules for scheduling maintenance for the multi-machine case."
"Englewood Cliffs, N. J.: Prentice-Hafl, Inc., 1969, 260 pp.,"
"J. Amer."
"Beckmann [1] and Mills [7] consider production smoothing problems in which demands are random variables."
"In the first phase, a procedure to solve a sanitization problem identifies how the support for sensitive itemsets could be eliminated from a specific transaction by removing the fewest number of items from it."
"Uncertainty presents unique difficulties in multiobjective optimization problems, because decision makers are faced with risky situations requiring analysis of multiple outcomes in differing states of nature."
"On the other hand, if qualities differ enough (or the preference for variety is weak), stronger preferences for variety are associated with more intense price competition and lower profits."
"The insight for management: In the cutting-edge medical instrument industry, recalls on products are common and the market reaction is surprisingly mild."
"Furthermore, even absent this condition, we show that a greedy algorithm can be rate optimal with positive probability."
"All that is needed is a minor pivot rule change."
"A number of jobs have to be carried out on a gas transmission network every year, which restrict the transmission capacity of the network while they are in progress."
"The “price of misspecification” is expected to be significant if the parametric model is overly restrictive."
"This variation in manufacturing content corresponds to a range of estimated manufacturing costs, for a hypothetical manufacturing system, of approximately 50 percent of the average manufacturing cost of the products."
"We present systematic cross-industry empirical support for the proposition that intellectual property protection is a key determinant of the vertical boundaries of the firm and the market for technology but that its impact is mediated by a firm’s ownership of specialized complementary assets."
"However, when conditions favor counterbundling by a competitor, such counterbundling helps the competitor retain its customers."
"This provides a very practical adaptive control rule that allows the manager to adjust the actual advertising expenditure and to deviate from budget."
"National Bureau of Standards, Washington, D. C., 197 ff.]"
"As is customary on such “round number” occasions, we will be taking time for a bit of retrospective review and soul-searching speculation."
"Three distinct contributions are offered."
"Earlier micromort values are supplemented with microdisability values to enable individuals to make consistent decisions in hazardous situations."
"From market response theory, we derive propositions about the influence of these variables on revenue and cash-flow volatility."
"The time between placement and fulfillment of these precommitted orders provides an opportunity for the retailer to update demand forecasts by utilizing information generated from the precommitted orders and to respond by placing a cost-effective order at the beginning of the selling season."
"Our results provide important managerial insights for firms in competitive markets and suggest that they need to not only be aware of the consumers’ social interactions, but also, more importantly, distinguish the predominant form of the interactions so as to apply proper marketing strategies."
"This paper proposes the use of contingent capital with a call provision, in which the insurer has an option to redeem the contingent capital at any time."
"Book Reviews—Hanssmann, Fred, Operations Research Techniques for Capital Investment."
"These effects are in turn significantly moderated by the type of CRM process outsourced."
"There are a number of firms that maintain a middle ground, where some items are made to stock and others are made to order."
"Taking advantage of the machine architecture gives a code that computes Ordinary Least Squares estimates on a Cyber 205 in only 2% of the time needed on a Vax 8700."
"In this paper two methods are given for solving the problem when the arc capacities are specified."
"Although equity theory predicts that workers will react to the speed of people around them, experimental work has failed to find this effect in an industrial setting with parallel workstations or a change in coworkers."
"As a result, an optimization algorithm is developed whose performance is comparable to that of the best algorithms for the standard one-machine problem."
"This is the English translation of the famous 1939 article by L. V. Kantorovich, originally published in Russian."
"An effective organization balances search and stability."
"1958."
"Specifically, we provide conditions under which a regulator, seeking to maximize the total amount of information provided to investors via both mandatory and voluntary disclosures, would mandate less informative and more conservative financial reports even in the absence of any direct costs of increasing informativeness."
"The model appears as a linear program which optimizes assigned labor priorities."
"The algorithm terminates when all intervals have been eliminated."
"Our main focus is on how the presence of the multiplicative background risk ỹ affects risk-taking behavior for decisions on the choice of x̃. We extend the results of Gollier and Pratt (1996) to characterize conditions on preferences that lead to more cautious behavior."
"When monetary tightening reduces the supply of retail deposits, banks attempt to substitute wholesale funding for deposit outflows to smooth their lending."
"The advent of e-commerce has prompted many manufacturers to redesign their traditional channel structures by engaging in direct sales."
"Research Paper No."
"Both technologies exhibit positive externalities, or performance benefits from others using the same technology."
"The proposed method is then applied in simulating the trajectory of a VG process using its difference-of-gammas representation."
"On the assumption that the cost of increasing each link capacity is linear, a labeling algorithm is described that permits rapid calculation of optimal allocations for all budgets."
"These principles are that 1) limited flexibility (i.e., each plant builds only a few products), configured in the right way, yields most of the benefits of total flexibility (i.e., each plant builds all products) and 2) limited flexibility has the greatest benefits when configured to chain products and plants together to the greatest extent possible."
"The results are not explained by inventor-level turnover following exit events or by firms' preexit window dressing behavior."
"We develop a conceptual framework for planning that includes aggregating patients according to their functional level and service needs, and defining “service package options” for each aggregate patient group."
"We consider whether there are similar benefits to related diversification within an operating unit and examine the mechanism that generates these benefits."
"We look inside the “black box” of product development at the fundamental decisions that are made by intention or default."
"The model is shown to make relatively good predictions even when the data from recently introduced categories/generations are limited."
"In this case an equation for the stationary waiting time distribution is given."
"We consider the interrelated problems of (1) quoting a due date to each customer arriving to a production system modeled as a single-server queue and (2) sequencing customer orders once they are in the system."
"Using recent chief financial officer surveys, we examine the sensitivity of investment plans to interest rate expectations and find that, for most firms, investment is extremely insensitive to interest rate decreases and only modestly more responsive to increases."
"As indicated by the author, T. J. Hodgson has proposed a simpler version of this algorithm, for which version the proof of optimality is similar to the proof given by the author for the original algorithm."
"This capability permits the user to designate certain model variables as decisions, constraints, and the objective."
"The problem we address is how to jointly estimate the arrival rate and the pmf of the rank-based choice model under a maximum likelihood criterion."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"But theory, experimental design, and measurement are rapidly revolutionizing our knowledge of the human being so that the psychological and biological sciences may be expected to make a greater and greater contribution to the management sciences."
"Frequently, data on actual behavior are unavailable; rather, one has available only the self-reported intentions of the individual."
"Deterministic demand occurs at the retailers for each product."
"Based on the theoretical upper bound we propose a heuristic decision rule for setting the bid increment."
"We test whether these regulations led to ratings inflation."
"A planning window is the difference between the promised delivery time and the planned production time for a product."
"Wiley, New York.), ("
"This study examines the effects of reputation in the nascent but rapidly growing online labor markets."
"This observation makes an interesting contrast to previous findings based on the one-shot principal–agent model, in which improvement of forecasting accuracy mostly leads to a win–lose outcome for the two firms, and the buyer has an incentive to improve his forecasting accuracy only when it is extremely low."
"We present results from a large-scale international survey on risk preferences conducted in 53 countries."
"It is an important example of technological spin-off from space science research."
"To my knowledge it represents the first synthesis of the many results which have been published in the interesting area of facility location."
"To do this required verification that the regression models accurately specified an individual's decision process."
"These authors create a method that eliminates the asymmetry of information and thus generates true ambiguity in an experimental setting."
"These effects increase if the environment of a hospital gets more competitive."
"We characterize the properties of the optimal dynamic equilibria and analyze the use of third-party quality certifications within this framework."
"It is concerned with the demand for a single commodity expressed as a set of independent stochastic variables with known distributions and an objective functional composed of production and inventory cost variables."
"$4.95;—Drucker, Peter F., The Age of Discontinuity; Guidelines to Our Changing Society."
"Next, estimation of the ratio of ordering and holding costs in inventories managed by the EOQ model is considered."
"The optimal production policy can also be characterized by a critical work storage level."
"Identifying job seekers is at the heart of the business model of professional social network platforms."
"Each time an individual is born, an action is chosen, for him which affects his lifetime, the number and types of his offspring, and the reward received."
"It is also shown that the profit-maximizing service rate in this model is smaller than or equal to the socially optimal one."
"Decision makers have a strong tendency to consider problems as unique."
"The research also shows both the conditions under which it is advantageous for both sides to seek an out of court settlement and the means to estimate the probability of out of court settlements in civil litigation in general."
"The solution is based on a transformation into a network flow problem as suggested by Kuczera (1989)."
"The algorithm is extended to the case where the capacities are integer multiples of a constant."
"failure"
"This paper was accepted by Teck Ho, decision analysis."
"This is a primal-dual algorithm which utilizes a flow augmentation primal and a shortest path dual procedure."
"We then derive implications for competitive interactions and market structure."
"We further show how sensitive the nonempty core result is to adjustments in the cost parameters and show how to determine a threshold value for the shared ordering cost, which assures the existence of a fair cost allocation."
"Most importantly, our analysis derives unbiased estimates of the risks that are associated with trading on eBay that, we believe, are more realistic than those suggested by a naïve interpretation of the unusually high (>99%) levels of positive feedback currently found on that system."
"However, human trading generates significant price discovery, though its volume is low."
"On hot summer days, when the problem is most severe, it is sometimes necessary to remove all of the cargo from the aircraft, and, at times, to limit the number of passengers taking the flight to less than the number of seats."
"Lack of a tradition for publication is one."
"This finding ties to and extends previous research on settings in which monetary incentives may fail to have the desired effect."
"This equation agrees with numerical simulations."
"failure"
"reported 3 such problems for which it terminated short of solution after 1000 pivots."
"We also find that the dissemination of debt reports has an immediate effect on return volatility in both markets, which is consistent with debt analysts providing new information to securities markets."
"We first present an exact benchmark model of Markovian type based on the matrix-geometric solution."
"Conditions are given for the determination of the optimal policy, and their necessity and sufficiency are discussed."
"Finally, there is a systematic variation in the debt market’s trading and return reactions to debt research."
"Linear Programming and Dynamic Programming."
"Specifically, we investigate the impact of prior partner exposure on time spent during patient pickup at the scene and patient handover at the hospital."
"The 1955 Conference on Business Statistics (Held in Philadelphia, June 9 and 10, 1955, sponsored by the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and by the American Statistical Association."
"Applications are made to cost analysis, where correlations are often present between cost elements in a work breakdown structure."
"In our monthly Management Insights we highlight—without using technical jargon—the insights and implications for practicing managers that are explored and developed in each article published in the issue."
"We also demonstrate that consistency in the relational styles followed by successive loan officers mitigates the negative impact of a broken loan officer–client tie."
"We showcase how our methodology can be applied to assist patients in the U.S. deceased-donor kidney waitlist."
"In this paper we study the question which inventory policy is optimal in the presence of long delivery lags under otherwise simple conditions."
"This paper was accepted by Lorin Hitt, information systems."
"Constitution and by-laws the Institute of Management Sciences adopted at the Founding Meeting of December 1, 1953."
"We explore how individuals assess the quality of financial advice they receive and how they form judgments about advisers."
"We then study the dual benefits of technology coordination between the two firms and find that it would not only save redundant costs of putting tags, but also speed up the downstream's RFID adoption."
"Such a fair division is central to a costing system in which no group of items subsidizes the others; there are no free riders!"
"Overall, we caution management about the limitations of generic, albeit common, rules of thumb, such as “generate as many ideas as possible."
"This effect is smaller for larger firms, and the results indicate that prior research underestimates the amount of IT firms use."
"We found that start-ups that have larger informal communication networks increased their chance to survive external shock."
"Walter Isard."
"First, the theoretical framework is enriched by specifying what we consider to be important contingency factors for the interaction between user and specialist."
"In doing so, it indicates results that have been obtained and the sort of changes in analytical approach that are needed to tackle other critical enrichments."
"It is well known that concavity of the various utilities is not sufficient to guarantee integrability, nor even to ensure rationality of the revealed preference."
"When the qualities are similar (or the consumer preference for variety is strong), prices and profits are higher than would be obtained in the absence of variety seeking."
"We develop a new variable depth search procedure, GLS (Guided Local Search), based on an interchange scheme and using the new concept of neighborhood trees."
"Second, the orders tend to increase as the retailer population becomes more “sophisticated.”"
"The problem of technology choice is formulated as a dynamic integer program."
"We illustrate the techniques on a general control chart that includes the Shewhart chart and the exponentially-weighted moving average chart as special cases."
"We use a cooperative inventory game to determine when this can be done."
"For time preferences, both methods predict out-of-sample preferences equally well, while the proposed method takes significantly less completion time."
"By endogenizing the supplier’s entry into the product market, our study enriches the literatures on vertical relationships, market entry, and the management of global value chains."
"was published between the publication times of FABLE and EUREKA."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Co., 1967, about 280 pp.,"
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"The application examined here relates to modeling relationships between demographic characteristics and actual purchase behavior among consumers."
"Airport capacity could increase if, even during inclement weather, independent landings could occur on parallel runways only about half a mile apart."
"The method is simplified when the demand distribution is Bernoulli or geometric."
"In addition, holding professionals accountable for their decisions, akin to a supervisory review, lowered distortion somewhat for salespersons but not at all for auditors."
"This fact causes the paper to differ in a number of ways from earlier works dealing with organizational communications and related topics."
"We investigate a general class of conditions on risk attitude, and show that a utility function for such a condition may exist only when the condition is of a special type."
"Compared to the task force's policy, which uses the 95th percentile of body mass index (from cross-sectional growth charts tabulated by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) as the screening threshold for each age, the dynamic programming policy treats mostly 16-year-olds (including many who are not obese) and very few males under 14 years old."
"What explains variability in norms of cooperation across organizations and cultures?"
"We develop an approximate dynamic programming policy that dynamically rationalizes the fill rates the firm provides to each customer."
"Thus hierarchical managers are necessary to actively enforce routine, even after the routine been assimilated, and to introduce innovation, even in this unique setting of perfect incentives."
"The second is an increase in the consumer's cumulative goodwill formation, which results from sampling the product."
"First the optimal level of each mode of production is determined for each period."
"Davis et al. ("
"Price experimentation is an important tool for firms to find the optimal selling price of their products."
"The paper presents a method of solution which is preceded by a development that replaced the original cost function with a controlled linear approximation."
"Parametrics reveal that results are most sensitive to (a) moderate shifts in commercialization date, (b) small changes in market growth rates (for technological penetrating expansion markets only), and (c) shifts in static market share curve coefficients."
"For risk preferences, their results indicate that the proposed method predicts subjects' willingness to pay for a set of out-of-sample gambles significantly more accurately, while taking respondents about the same time to complete."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2013.1786.This paper was accepted by Teck-Hua Ho, behavioral economics."
"This strategy is Pareto-dominant even if the auction house and the seller are uncertain about the number of bidders at the auction, or the auction house is uncertain about the seller's own valuation for the property, at the time the buy-in penalty, commission, and reserve are contractually set."
"A robust indicator of a firm's tacit knowledge capture (and strong predictor of its success) is the number of research articles written jointly by firm scientists and discovering, “star” scientists, nearly all working at top universities."
"This paper studies the incentives behind the adoption of radio-frequency identification (RFID) in a supply chain."
"The skewness effect is stronger during periods of high investor sentiment and is related to differences in skewness across industries as well as to time-series variation in the level of skewness in the market."
"The insight for management: The preference for variety can drive the firms to offer multiunit discounts, and the greater price flexibility from these discounts does not necessarily reduce profits relative to simple unit pricing."
"We find that firms derive significant productivity benefits from the IT investments of other firms from which they hire IT labor."
"We further demonstrate that team cognition is a key mechanism through which cognitive diversity influences team creativity."
"The main finding is that moving from two standard deviations above to two standard deviations below in availability shocks increases ER visits by 2.4%, or about 20,000 yearly ER visits."
"We examine the impact of these caseload limits on waiting time and describe effective, heuristic methods for setting these limits."
"Finally, we explain how the “control versus enable” choice and its associated trade-offs differ from the classic “make versus buy” choice."
"We find a convex, nonlinear relationship between a product firm's fraction of total sales coming from services and its overall operating margins."
"This research combines field and laboratory experiments and analysis of large-scale clickstream data to study the effects of social versus nonsocial referral sources on news consumption in a referred news website visit."
"We also find that cultural differences not only affect the relation between borrower and lender, but also hamper risk sharing between participant banks and culturally distant lead banks."
"We consider a variety of extensions, and also highlight the ability of our setting to shed some light on documented return patterns across segments of the money management industry."
"We show that using ∞/∞ models as control variates for f/f systems can be an effective variance reduction technique for system performance estimates."
"This process (Concept Engineering) was then introduced into a number of product development teams in different companies."
"The impact of charging entrance tolls is investigated."
"The goal of the article is to show how sometimes the use of contour integrals can help in solving problems of inventory and queueing theories by enabling the target function to be uniquely represented in the analytical form min(0, X)."
"In addition, an increase in interalliance competition decreases investments in the focal alliance but increases investment in the competition outside the scope of the alliance."
"We determine the cost as a function of the control limit, present properties of the cost function and optimal control limit, present easily computable upper and lower bounds for the optimal control limit and an algorithm for finding the optimal control limit."
"The impact of price changes in geometric programming is analyzed in terms of technological substitution relationships."
"The Medicare Prospective Payment System (PPS) is analogous to an insurance scheme in which financial risk is mitigated through experience rating."
"Probabilistic Methods in Applied Mathematics, Vol."
"3) Computational experience is reported."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"New York: Academic Press, 1965, $9.00, 248 pp—reviewed by Willard I. Zangwill;—Reitman, Walter R. Cognition and thought: an information-processing approach."
"Our empirical results indicate that centrality in a product architecture network is related to quality according to an inverted-U relationship, which suggests that vehicle subsystems of intermediate complexity exhibit abnormally high levels of quality problems."
"We explore the complex interactions between operating flexibility and financial risk management, finding that substitution effects are nonmonotonic and are affected by operating leverage, the nature of operating flexibility, and the effectiveness of the hedging instrument."
"It is found that the risk aversion of channel members and the cost of monitoring and enforcement affect channel efficiency, and that under certain types of interdependencies and externalities, the nature of the power structure is crucial to channel efficiency."
"The interaction of individual decisions with the structure of the simulated firm produces aggregate dynamics which systematically diverge from optimal behavior."
"The optimal price and capacity of the contractor together with the optimal capacity of the service provider determine optimal profits of each party under the two contracts being considered."
"Representation theorems are given which show that the social welfare function is restricted to special forms if certain “reasonable” conditions hold."
"Four tests apply the former criterion; one test applies the latter."
"Instead, it provides unified, flexible, and robust algorithms to mask general types of confidential variables with arbitrary distributions, thereby making it suitable for general-purpose data masking."
"We study competitive interactions between Intel and Microsoft, two producers of complementary products."
"Learning has the limited meaning of skill acquisition as measured by increased productivity."
"Both the single-item and aggregate inventory cases are included."
"The theory of exchange networks serves as the framework for identifying the optimal seeding strategy and recommends seeding people that have many friends, who, in turn, have only a few friends."
"We show that the naive bidder earns higher equilibrium profits than the rational bidder when the signal distribution is symmetric and unimodal."
"Bereanu [Bereanu, B., G. Peeters."
"This debate centers on the nature of an academic scientist's human capital and its institutional specificity."
"The other, message summarizing, plays a similar role."
"In particular, we examine how individuals’ prior experiences and the experiences of those around them alter their belief perseverance in operational decisions after the revelation of negative news."
"Reply to Professor Harsanyi."
"1976."
"New products are often launched sequentially, by different firms, and the purchasing decisions are sometimes made by dyads."
"Our model considers four factors: (1) the usable life of the product, (2) the rates at which consumers use the product, (3) the relation between package size and the variable cost of the product, and (4) the minimum quantities consumers seek to consume for each dollar they spend (we call these reservation quantities)."
"The authors suggest that consumer rebates can be particularly useful when a supply chain shows inefficiencies from retailers holding excess inventory to convey a lower willingness to pay in the future to undercut future wholesale prices."
"Do the rich always get richer by investing in a cryptocurrency for which new coins are issued according to a proof-of-stake (PoS) protocol?"
"We identify conditions sufficient to prove that, in infinite horizon nonstationary processes, the optimal infinite horizon (present) value exists, is uniquely defined, is what is called “structured,” and can be found by solving Bellman's optimality equations: ϵ-optimal strategies exist: an optimal strategy can be found by applying Bellman's optimality criterion; and a specially identified kind of policy, called a “structured” policy is optimal in each stage."
"Within this framework, projects are classified into four levels of technological uncertainty, and into three levels of system complexity, according to a hierarchy of systems and subsystems."
"The emphasis is on the practical problems and potential of applying the method in the simulation of complex systems."
"The set of factors found useful in thinking through the difficulties encountered are: 1) number of alternatives, 2) planning horizon, 3) past success of decision-maker, and 4) cost-revenue consequences of an action."
"Management Sci.10 (3, April).],"
"The preference for variety is a consequence of diminishing marginal utility for repeated experiences with the same product."
"When the supplier postpones building capacity and screening the manufacturer's private information, the supplier and the manufacturer can obtain more information and update their forecasts."
"The purpose is to get some insight into the information processing which determines the choice of an allocation rate."
"In this paper, we study a “forecast-commitment” contract in which the customer provides a forecast, the supplier makes a production commitment to the customer based on the forecast, and the customer’s minimum order quantity is a function of the forecast and committed quantities."
"Data and the supplementary web appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2907.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"Results pertaining to the solvability, stability and dualizability of such programs are obtained."
"Comparison of the model's predictions to actual sales data suggests reasonable accuracy when an implemented strategy matches the planned strategy."
"We find that the word-of-mouth effect on the consumer side and the observational learning effect on the merchant side contribute to and reinforce the expansion of a two-sided platform."
"The impact of noncompete enforceability on new firms is ambiguous, since noncompetes reduce knowledge leakage but impose hiring costs."
"This paper introduces a new risk tool to communicate the risk of investment products, and it examines how different risk-presentation modes influence risk-taking behavior and investors' recall ability of the risk-return profile of financial products."
"The prospect of acquisition makes innovation more profitable but simultaneously suppresses the novelty of innovation as the entrant seeks to maximize her value to the incumbent."
"Global optimality is guaranteed for the resulting optimal portfolios."
"FMSs are becoming an attractive substitute for the conventional means of batch manufacturing, especially in the metal-cutting industry."
"We introduce a game-theoretic model of a competitive market where both quality production and quality disclosure are endogenous decisions, affected by information made available by third parties."
"Amount learned” was defined as the achieved reduction in time-per-unit before interruption."
"Second, when the manager has a log utility, a linear contract is optimal when there is no explicit lower bound on the compensation, and an option contract is optimal when there is an explicit lower bound."
"The shock weakens executive suite independence by increasing CEO connectedness within executive suites through appointments and preexisting social ties."
"The purpose of this paper is to review generally the various, apparently useful forecasting techniques, to offer a rationale basis for undertaking a technological forecast, and to place technological forecasting in perspective with regard to other planning inputs."
"failure"
"The traditional analysis of inventory pooling, for instance, considers the performance metric in a centralized system and does not address the associated issue of inventory allocation."
"Some analysis of purchasing policy."
"We use an incomplete contracts approach to show that the anticipation and observability of such behavior are typically not enough to prevent it when parties can renegotiate contractual outcomes."
"We document that proxies for prosocial employees and directors are associated with an increase in whistle blowing and forced chief executive officer turnover in a sample of firms that engage in misconduct."
"We explore how a manager's competitive cognition about her opponents' (1) patterns of activity in the marketplace and (2) previous success can lead her to perceive a competitor as a credible defender."
"Pp."
"Moreover, the suboptimality gap, measured by the relative improvement of the optimal contract over the best contract without random termination, is extremely small."
"I tested this idea with a randomized field experiment, using a within-subjects analysis from a repeated crossover design."
"In this paper, we address the problem of choosing the appropriate reverse channel structure for the collection of used products from customers."
"Transfer of inventory monitoring and other overhead costs to manufacturers and continuous replenishment of retailer inventory are commonly cited as potential benefits that VMI offers to retailers."
"This study examines model use over a longer time frame, and draws some policy implications."
"Decision theory treats models in which a decision maker must choose an information function and a decision function, where the former transforms states of nature into messages, the latter transforms messages into actions, and the ultimate payoff depends upon the state of nature, the message, and the action."
"RAND has been engaged in logistics research for the Air Force since 1953."
"Using a generalized form of a technique proposed by Sharpe [17] in a recent issue of this journal, this article develops a portfolio analysis model for a stable Paretian market."
"Numerical study with a wide range of model parameters illustrates that such a random termination only occurs sparingly in optimal contracts."
"However, leasing might be environmentally inferior because of the direct control the firm has over the off-lease products, which may prompt the firm to remove them from the market to avoid cannibalizing the demand for new products."
"We investigate the sensitivity of the cost advantage of inventory pooling to various system parameters, including loading, service levels, demand and production time variability, and structure of the production system."
"These conclusions resulted from an analysis of what was needed to apply operations research techniques to manufacturing."
"The findings are that task programmability is strongly related to the choice of compensation package."
"We use an incentive-compatible economic experiment and surveys in the field at a large financial services firm to identify the norms for on-the-job behavior among financial advisers and their leaders, and the normative expectations each group has of the other."
"Some researchers investigating risk-return relationships in this fashion claim to have found negative associations between the levels of return and risk."
"Computer aided engineering design."
"Our review of the learning and training literature revealed four common methods for training people to be more effective negotiators: didactic learning, learning via information revelation, analogical learning, and observational learning."
"This paper was accepted by Olav Sorenson, organizations."
"A further benefit to modeling opponents’ team selections is that it enables us to estimate the value, in a DFS setting, of both insider trading and collusion."
"This paper describes a technique for using the data and develops an expression for the value of the information conveyed by the data."
"When they are complements, if a change in cost parameters compels the organization to increase one, it would also require an increase in the other in lockstep."
"We also characterize the performers in various ways and control for the attributes of the show and for team characteristics."
"Two distinct behavioral economics theories, the trust-embedded model and the level-k model, have emerged to explain how cheap talk works between human decision makers."
"With this system, police units can patrol an overlapping region and the closest available unit to a call can always be dispatched."
"Several real world problems are solved in very reasonable time using the linearization that results in the fewest additional constraints and/or variables."
"In a recent report, [Charnes, A., W. W. Cooper."
"Furthermore, we find that patients may benefit from having a coordinating contract replace FFS."
"A case study on forecasting income tax revenue for each of forty school districts in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, based on fifteen years of data, is used to illustrate the application of C-MSKF in comparison with univariate MSKF."
"This paper was accepted by Stefan Reichelstein, accounting."
"This paper presents an algorithm for efficiently sequencing the cutting operations associated with the manufacture of discrete parts on a CNC machine."
"Thus, when intelligent use of already available internal information (order history) suffices, there is no need to invest in interorganizational systems for information sharing."
"January--February).])."
"Initially, the bank may not know the underlying willingness to pay, so each price decision involves a trade-off between learning (failed sale) and earning (successful sale, but potentially underpriced)."
"Implications for future research on status and management are discussed."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"Expert panels are playing an increasingly important role in U.S. health policy decision making."
"This downward bias leads to significant underestimation of the positive profit impact from improving service satisfaction and can lead to underinvestment by firms in service satisfaction."
"A reference-dependent theoretical framework suggests an explanation for this differential impact: when individuals place less value on earnings, such as when accruing earnings for a charity instead of themselves, more targeting behavior and a more sluggish response to incentives should result."
"With data from an expert elicitation about climate change catastrophes, we quantify the relative importance of these two effects and calibrate a numerical integrated assessment model of climate change."
"We show that in a push system with more than two suppliers and a power demand distribution, myopic suppliers would act independently, resulting with a least efficient channel, which makes all channel members, as well as the end consumers, worse off."
"The created response surface technique for optimizing nonlinear restrained systems."
"We find that firms should offer more free—and not paid—content in periods of high demand."
"We formulate the product-flexible manufacturing capacity investment decision as a two-stage stochastic program."
"An efficient method for solving this problem is also presented."
"We show that a transformation of the general model is equivalent to the fixed-demand location model of Efroymson and Ray, and thus may be solved by any of the exact or heuristic methods available for that model."
"Another paradoxical effect of variance is on processing rate."
"To this end, we examine a game-theoretic model in which firms can collaborate with producers of complementary goods to enhance the quality of the systems formed by their components."
"The product price and the service quality/price are characterized by an equilibrium to a sequential game."
"Intercollegiate athletics in the United States have become a multibillion-dollar industry over the past several decades."
"This “pair-splitting” version of the problem facilitates knowledge dissemination among developers, but can increase the effort needed for a developer to adjust to the work habits of several partners."
"A preference order dynamic program for stochastic assembly line balancing."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"A means of finding various marginal and conditional probabilities is given."
"Consumers choose which firm to patronize and how much personal information to provide it with."
"12 (1966), pp."
"This paper was accepted by Hamid Nazerzadeh, Management Science Special Section on Data-Driven Prescriptive Analytics."
"Namely, the activities and the technological specifications of the project are selected dynamically, and the stopping time of the R&D process is introduced as a decision variable to be determined endogeneously."
"Instead of computing these costs in a straightforward manner, we use structural properties of optimal subplans to arrive at a more efficient implementation."
"The insight for management: It is difficult to think under pressure, and therefore competitive pressure has a negative impact on cognitive effort but a positive impact on labor effort."
"In this paper we wish to attack a problem which arises from the study of weakly coupled economic systems, or alternatively from the study of multi-stage processes with almost-independent stages."
"Decision makers are able to terminate the solution procedure at any point prior to completion once a satisfactory, near optimal solution is identified."
"In addition to many ongoing programs, such as lead-time reduction, redesigning products and processes so as to delay the point of product differentiation is becoming an emerging means to address these challenges."
"A link is thus drawn between (i) studies such as those of Blackwell [Blackwell, D. 1965."
"We find that more culturally distant lead banks offer borrowers smaller loans at a higher interest rate and are more likely to require third-party guarantees."
"For each dimension an attempt is then made to develop and codify one or more indicators."
"Also, future repurchases are more sensitive to past repurchase losses for CEOs whose previous lifetime experience with the stock market is unfavorable."
"In addition, simple algorithms for finding optimal policies for both T < ∞ and T = ∞ are given."
"These findings suggest that EPU is an economically important risk factor for equities."
"Pricing decisions and location decisions are determined simultaneously in this model, in contrast to traditional location models that assume fixed demands and prices."
"However, due to the dynamics of infectious disease eradication, policies focusing on a static perception of priorities may lead to economically suboptimal outcomes."
"This paper was accepted by Joshua Gans, business strategy."
"Accepting a pseudo order involves trade-offs between committing resources (production capacity and component inventory) to nonbinding orders and reserving resources for high-profit orders."
"Finally, it is to shed some light on yet unstudied problems by exploring possible extensions of some of the known solution techniques or discussing varying degrees of difficulties involved."
"Then the complete solution is immediately constructed."
"A standard portfolio plus the IOS of self-financing portfolios form a restricted IOS hyperbola with restricted efficient set constants that differ from the usual constants."
"This loss takes place when suppliers commit to prices up front, before any possible forecast change, but not when they delay the price quotes after demand forecasts have been updated."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2677.This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"Results show that the two mechanisms have different effects on the learning behaviors and knowledge created in Six Sigma projects."
"The March, 1978 issue of Management Science carried a paper by Jan M. Chaiken titled “Transfer of Emergency Service Deployment Models to Operating Agencies” which purported to describe the successful implementation of, among other things, fire service management models developed by the Rand Corporation for the Office of Policy Development and Research of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)."
"It extends the model to address other requirements such as product groupings and nonlinear profit functions."
"We utilize the notion of rational expectations to model consumer purchasing decisions: Consumers make early purchase decisions based on expectations regarding future availability, and these expectations are correct in equilibrium."
"The costs for production, purchase and inventory are concave."
"The resulting schedules improve on the look ahead by as much as 15% at times and 3% on average."
"The results support our arguments and imply the need for high-technology new ventures to adopt an explicit complementary product focus during initial product design."
"Quantile estimation has become increasingly important, particularly in the financial industry, where value at risk (VaR) has emerged as a standard measurement tool for controlling portfolio risk."
"The current configuration has more stations than the IP solutions but they are not as well distributed."
"They do not vary with measures of status on the team."
"A particular model is developed in terms of a Gamma process; it is believed that such a model may prove applicable to items undergoing long term storage, especially where continuous observations are not feasible."
"In this study four performance information systems are imposed on laboratory groups solving simple routine problems."
"Each brand's strategies evolve through simulations of repeated interactions in a virtual market, using the estimated weekly profits of each brand as measures of its fitness for the genetic algorithm."
"While the problem is difficult (NP-complete), we show that the maximum welfare problem is equivalent to the uncapacitated plant location problem, which can be solved very efficiently using the greedy interchange heuristic."
"The seminal “unraveling” result in the disclosure literature posits that discretion inevitably leads to full disclosure, even when such disclosure has detrimental consequences."
"which assumed zero lag, to obtain near-myopic bounds and heuristics for the nonstationary stochastic leadtime problem with arbitrary sequences of demand distributions, and to obtain planning horizon results."
"This paper was prepared for presentation on October 15, 1965, as a luncheon address at The Institute of Management Sciences Eastern Meeting held at the Sheraton Hotel, Rochester, New York."
"On elmaghraby's “the theory of networks and management science.”"
"but when making their purchase decisions, consumers are not sure how efficiently the product can translate its observed attributes to performing tasks that they care about."
"Prior research has shown that when advisors provide numeric probability forecasts, people typically average them (i.e., they move closer to the average advisor’s forecast)."
"The approach is intuitive; the theoretical basis of this work is found in an earlier study."
"We also find that the contribution of an academic scientist to a firm's patent productivity is decreasing with the depth of their scientifically oriented human capital, all else constant."
"Once the firm has produced the goods, the available production volume affects the firm’s subsequent marketing decisions."
"The problem is then of routing in a way that minimizes total expected travel time."
"Conversely, when competition is more intense, moving from inventory shortage to a median inventory level lowers transaction prices by about 0.35% ceteris paribus, corresponding to 20.2% of dealers’ average per-vehicle profit margin or $90.9."
"Using data on the human capital of biomedical scientists developed during their careers in academe, this paper analyzes how the depth of their scientifically and commercially oriented academic human capital contributes to firm performance when these scientists subsequently start or join for-profit firms."
"The insight for management: New regulations may put a kink in international supply chains, and alternative inspection plans may be necessary."
"We prove the existence of Nash equilibria in a duopolistic competition, and show that this delivery-time commitment game is analogous to a Prisoners' Dilemma."
"Instead, when the firm has an ex ante desire to withhold information and segments are sufficiently similar, the ex post disclosure equilibrium entails aggregation of segment details."
"Many activities combining the interactions between man and machine are influenced by a third factor of weather."
"Beyond the 90th percentile, the effect was generally not significant."
"The problem is first modeled as an integer program but recast via Lagrangian relaxation as a min-cut problem on a bipartite network."
"Applications of this policy are discussed in [Jorgenson, D., J. J. McCall."
"Yet the box contains about 20 individual pieces of chocolate, and participants given that many separate pieces show a substantially attenuated endowment effect."
"We characterize equilibria where trust occurs with positive probability."
"Our procedure also reduced the number of relocations of engine companies and ladder companies substantially."
"Moderate turbulence reduces the value of flexibility by making supplier selection more difficult and increases the value of commitment by mitigating the status quo bias of integrated structures."
"Third, the subsidy that increases consumer surplus results in higher government expenditure."
"The ultimate test, of course, must be whether the new decision methods do or do not outperform prevailing decision methods when full allowance is made for the cost of obtaining the optimal decisions."
"The importance of instantaneous and future shop loads for assigning due-dates in a one-machine shop, with constant interarrivals and exponential service times, is shown."
"Loyal or high-margin customers need not warrant better service; those who anchor less on past service experiences do—provided that retention is improved by better past experiences."
"As a result, in addition to the “win–win” and “win–lose” outcomes for the supplier and the reseller, supplier encroachment can also lead to “lose–lose” and “lose–win” outcomes, particularly when the reseller has a significant efficiency advantage in the selling process and the prior probability of a large market is low."
"1972."
"First, we demonstrate that for a wide range of preference parameter values, a prospect theory agent would be willing to gamble in a casino even if the casino offers only bets with no skewness and with zero or negative expected value."
"Recently, market researchers have adapted vN-M theory to model consumer risk preference."
"Our results suggest that the existence of an AVM system can be a critical factor when considering manpower reductions."
"Yet the methodology gives no explicit role to measures of risk and return."
"The PLP results are then used in a dynamic programming model to determine the optimal allocation of water and irrigation resources over time."
"But more generally the solutions depend on the analysis of bargaining among the players."
"Then, we present an efficient solution procedure that is applicable to both simple and extended problem formulations."
"We also provide exact optimal and closed form approximate lot sizing formulas and derive tight bounds on the average cost per unit time for the approximations."
"The hypothesis that firms simultaneously determine their research and development, investment, dividend, and new debt policies generally is substantiated in the financial literature."
"Within many of the multioutlet branded chains that dominate the retail and services landscape, the organizational form (e.g., company management, franchising) used to manage an outlet varies from site to site, as do the prices charged at those sites."
"This paper was accepted by Preyas Desai, marketing."
"The approach is designed specifically to permit the use of an expert's subjective judgments of marginal distributions and correlations."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"$6.50;—Bharucha-Reid, A. T., ed.,"
"As applied to mixed-integer programming, Benders' original work made two primary contributions: (1) development of a “pure integer” problem (Problem P) that is equivalent to the original mixed-integer problem, and (2) a relaxation algorithm for solving Problem P that works iteratively on an LP problem and a “pure integer” problem."
"J. SIAM8 611–629.)"
"Managers are staying away in droves."
"In the primal space this new cut translates into a new column for the associated linear programming problem."
"We develop a methodology to overcome this endogeneity problem."
"As new products are introduced (and disposed of) less frequently, the quantity of e-waste decreases and, even excluding the environmental benefits, social welfare may increase."
"However, there is a price to pay, with the cost in the following period being approximately 7.5% of quarterly net income."
"We discuss the implementation of the production smoothing approach and illustrate this implementation with an industrial case study that was the motivation for this work."
"This paper is a presentation of a maximization problem treated by L. V. Kantorovich [Kantorovich, L. V. 1957."
"Management Sci.9 380–393; Theil, H. 1964."
"In this paper, we describe an integer programming algorithm for assigning tasks on an assembly line to work stations in such a way that the number of work stations is minimal for the rate of production desired."
"Where there is appreciable uncertainty about external conditions in the future, it is possible that a “best” scheme based on the state of current knowledge will prove during the course of the intervening years to be less than good."
"New York: Reinhold Publishing Corporation."
"However, the early machines were adequate only for small problems and the original simplex method was not efficient for many LP models."
"A unit demand from any class is assembled from one manufactured unit and one inventory unit, where the manufactured unit takes one unit of capacity and needs a single period to produce."
"The framework has two dimensions."
"In order to smooth the flow of work-in-progress through the service factory, work-in-progress may be temporarily inventoried (in buffers) at work stations."
"Moreover, the paper presents a quick and simple algorithm that converges to the solution."
"It must also determine whether to upgrade any of the older vintages."
"Risk analysts frequently encounter functional relationships concerning costs and revenue which can be expressed as standard algebraic forms."
"Exponential smoothing with an adaptive response rate."
"These questions focus on the interaction of managerial tasks with the information technology and the resulting effect on the adoption and infusion of that technology."
"An analysis of criteria for investment and financing decisions under certainty."
"This reduction, which is about 10–15% of the five and a half minutes obtained for the traditional policy, results primarily from our procedure's deciding how many to send based on historical information on the chance that an alarm from a given location at a given time of day is serious."
"They contend that Google made a “strategic decision” to exclude reviews from other platforms (like Yelp) in these results and claim that this led to a quality degradation for search users, based on a randomized controlled trial (RCT) experiment."
"The central planner allocates subsidies to its producers, subject to a budget constraint and endogenous market response."
"This paper was accepted by Teck Ho, decision analysis."
"Commonality is optimal even for perfectly correlated demands if products have sufficiently different margins."
"In Stage 2 we find that increased use of standard component designs dampens future software volatility by decreasing the average rate and magnitude of change."
"When we apply our model to a sample of Texas school districts, we find evidence that the educational establishment has substantial economic rents to protect from school reform, and that the primary beneficiaries of reform are likely to be affluent school districts with few minority students."
"High expected skewness is also associated with a higher fraction of small-sized trades on the first day of trading, which is consistent with a greater shift in holdings from institutions to individuals."
"This paper provides such a review."
"We thus turn to investigate the fundamental mechanism by which delay announcements impact customer behavior, by constructing a dynamic structural model."
"Significant portions of the enumeration process are performed implicitly, however, by utilizing tests described in the paper which are based on the specific structure of the line balancing problem."
"The formulation (for one variant) is a p-median problem with one additional constraint."
"Index fund entry also slows the growth of actively managed funds."
"When firms recruit inventors, they acquire not only the use of their skills but also enhanced access to their stock of ideas."
"We hypothesize that the perceptions of a firm's efforts to provide quality content, to foster member embeddedness, and to encourage interaction foster favorable customer beliefs about and trust in a virtual community sponsor."
"Normatively the first two are mandatory and the last, suspect."
"The insight for management: Risk taking builds on itself; better forecasts of future firm behaviors might be achieved by taking momentum into account."
"There are two general methods for accomplishing this screening: Quota cutoffs operate by selecting the optimal number of alternatives to evaluate; Level cutoffs operate by specifying a minimally-acceptable level of the imperfect screening indicator."
"After fitting our data to each of these models through parameter estimation techniques on both an aggregate and individual level, we find that all three models are consistent with some of the characteristics of our data, but that the regret model provides a slightly more favorable fit overall."
"The authors consider a supplier's problem of eliciting credible forecast information from a manufacturer."
"A decision maker needs to give his subjective probability for a single event of interest, A. Being aware that he has little substantive knowledge of the factors affecting A, the decision maker asks an expert for advice."
"This paper develops a model of the operation of any size or type of cargo vehicle."
"This paper also develops Auction NonLinear&Discrete for the more general nonlinear case—a particularly simple design that solves the general multiattribute allocation problem, but requires that the auctioneer maintains prices on  bundles of attribute levels."
"We also look at the model’s implications for financial regulation and show that, in a second-best world, financial integration can increase the welfare benefits of liquidity requirements."
"The structure of discontinuities can affect the accuracy of QMC methods more significantly than the effective dimension."
"However, our data indicate that there could be a substantial benefit from the implementation of a “maximize variety, minimize duplication” allocation strategy: sales increase by 4.4% without changing the total number of vehicles at each dealership."
"Both traditional retailers and e-tailers have been implementing omnichannel strategies such as buy online, pick up at store (BOPS)."
"Traditional dispatching policies assume that all of the designated companies are available at the time the alarm is received."
"Second, the study considers a cross section of medical device manufacturers to examine the effect of firm characteristics on the costs of poor quality."
"This paper considers the problem of allocating personnel to provide service that involves travel to demand locations distributed over a geographical area."
"Second, we take advantage of a natural experiment involving a store closure and find that the attrition in chain loyalty is lower for households with greater store brand loyalty prior to store closure."
"A note submitted to Management Science by Lodish [Lodish, L. M. 1975."
"It is therefore important that the locations of the simulation experiments be specified to provide protection against bias, as well as variance, in the estimation of metamodel parameters."
"From Understanding Society’s Innovation Panel Wave 6, we tested separate models for 449 males and 525 females, and our results indicate that males (respectively, females) with a lower 2D:4D ratio in their left hand, or higher prenatal testosterone exposure, have a significantly greater (respectively, marginally significant) likelihood of self-employment (two-tailed test)."
"Specifically, we decompose an individual's conversion behavior into two components: one for accumulating visit effects and another for purchasing threshold effects."
"One of the important uses of an EOQ item's distribution of lead time demand is to set its reorder point."
"This note presents procedures for finding optimal solutions to the deterministic N-job two machine flow-shop sequencing problem when the buffer size z is nearly the same as the number of jobs."
"We examine whether economic conditions have a long-term impact on the composition of available financial advisors in the profession."
"In this paper we will present aggregation methods that can be used in combination with financial asset-pricing models to obtain a description of the uncertainty that is arbitrage-free, consistent with observed market prices as well as concise enough for a stochastic programming model."
"Thus the numerical weights derived can be interpreted as measures of the power or influence that individuals have in an organization."
"ii) Can the performance of affine jump-diffusion models be improved if jump sizes are larger, i.e., jumps with tails heavier than those of the normal distribution?"
"We explore this problem using data from Amazon.com on the top-selling books for 1,497 unique locations in the United States for 10 months ending in January 2006."
"One methodological improvement over previous studies is the use as independent variables of the relevant characteristics of the investing firms."
"As we show, existing models of intertemporal choice do not allow time preference to depend on whether the comparisons to be made are unimodal or cross-modal."
"We thus propose a general multiobjective algorithm which accommodates uncertainty."
"The capacity expansion problem with specialization involves two classes of growing demand and two types of capacity."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"Conditions are derived under which the manufacturer prefers to use options."
"Furthermore, in principle, information can be retrieved about the revealed risk aversion and prudence of investors."
"These heuristics exploit geometry but ignore specific distance measures."
"This omission had led to apparently contradictory findings in agency and auction theory."
"This distortion creates costs for individuals, the organizations in which they work, and society at large."
"In this work we further examine nervousness and its cost."
"Rosenblatt and Kaspi (Rosenblatt, M. J., M. Kaspi."
"If spacial or temporal distinctions are introduced into the model the percentage of non-zeros generally falls further."
"The intent of the model is to provide a tool to system managers and planners to support resource planning and allocation decision-making."
"This note develops optimal multiple rest break models for the case when the decay in work rate is an exponential function of time worked and recovery of work rate potential during rest is a linear function of time rested."
"165–177.])."
"In addition, an increase in the expected jump size can increase stock investment even when the expected return remains the same and the volatility increases."
"The scenario utilized is a delegated investment setting where effort and risk aversions contribute to moral hazard among fund managers."
"On the surface, the claim that organizations should adapt by generating new knowledge seems obvious and compelling."
"This research attempts to relax some of these restrictions using forecast horizon procedures to model capital investment decisions where any number of technologies may appear in the future with purchase costs and revenues that may vary over time."
"Increasing emphasis on the reduction of materials handling costs in the modern plant has led to research into new methods of planning the process type layout in such a way as to minimize these costs."
"But what is the interaction effect on profit of simultaneously restraining rivalry and increasing competitive advantage?"
"We present a model that rationalizes the strategic differences as a result of the difference between Catholic and Protestant values identified in the literature."
"where structured policies for special processes are considered."
"$17.25;—Palda, Kristian S., Economic Analysis for Marketing Decisions."
"In this paper, we investigate whether and how the presence of remanufactured products and the identity of the remanufacturer influence the perceived value of new products through a series of behavioral experiments."
"A list of working papers available in the Management Science offices, received from various institutions."
"Degree of product standardization and the product structure are also high impact factors."
"To cope with these challenges, manufacturers often enter into contracts with their customers that offer greater certainty of supply in return for more predictable orders."
"In the marketing and economics literature, “quality” typically refers to the performance level or “class” of the product."
"This paper reports a set of simulation experiments with a service system model in which labor interchange is possible between service centers."
"In our model, divisional managers are responsible for the initial acquisition of productive capacity and the utilization of that capacity in subsequent periods, once operational uncertainty has been resolved."
"Management Sci.21 (1) 115.)."
"Inspection-driven congestion is costly, and CBP provides incentives to firms to improve security upstream in the supply chain, thereby reducing the inspection burden at U.S. ports."
"Other work along these lines has recently appeared in the literature, [8–11]."
"New York: John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1961, $23.50, 859 pp—reviewed by Martin Shubik;—Forrester, Jay W. Industrial dynamics."
"The delivery time is fixed."
"2, October 1976, pp."
"We examine the simple policy: “If the stock level at the beginning of period n does not exceed some critical number Tn, order the smallest number of full vehicle loads which will raise the inventory level just above Tn."
"Research in other areas, especially product evaluation and job satisfaction, also shows a connection between realism of expectations and outcomes (e.g., satisfaction)."
"Furthermore, I present new evidence that there were economically and statistically significant effects of investor flows on futures prices, after controlling for returns in the United States and emerging-economy stock markets, a measure of the balance sheet flexibility of large financial institutions, open interest, the futures/spot basis, and lagged returns on oil futures."
"In contrast, a new “weakly consistent” duality theorem without duality gap may have a value determined by an inequality which is strictly redundant with respect to the constraint set defined by the total inequality system."
"The own-price elasticity of voice is also low, to the order of approximately −0.1."
"In this paper two related bicriteria mathematical programming models are developed for identifying the trade-offs between overall output (effectiveness) and equity that result from alternative allocations of service resources among different service delivery sites (branches)."
"This paper was motivated by a consumer product company faced with the decision about which items to make to stock and which ones to make to order, and the inventory and production policy for the make-to-stock items."
"We also provide conditions under which a situation of a few lone players competing against a large coalition is stable."
"But there is also some evidence of negative returns around earnings announcements for firms that previously issued guidance, suggesting that guidance does not entirely correct optimistic earnings expectations."
"This article analyzes how revenue and cash-flow volatility are influenced by own and competitive marketing spending volatility, by the level of marketing spending, by the responsiveness to own marketing spending, and by competitive response."
"The approach is practical."
"Using Major League Baseball data, we quantify the impact of flexibility on team and individual performance and explore the player chains that arise when injuries occur."
"Different ores may be used in the production of iron; steel scrap and iron can be used in different proportions in the production of steel."
"On the symmetry approach to the committee decision problem."
"A linear opinion pool, however, will remain overconfident when individuals are overconfident and not very diverse."
"Oceana Press, New York, 1958 and Inspection for Disarmament, S. Melman and 73 Contributors."
"The scheduled monthly payments of auto loans bunch at both $9- and $0-ending digits, especially over $100 marks."
"We also show that a larger market potential, greater competitive costs and sharper competition encourage more assortment by the super-premium producer."
"This paper shows how to use elementary methods to estimate the mean and variance of a linear function with arbitrary multivanate randomness in its components."
"This suggests that future expansion of the Malaysian population program (and population programs of other developing countries in a similar stage of development as Malaysia) should be through the approach of integrating family planning services with the health network, rather than through the expansion of the categorial family planning organization."
"Forecast information sharing has been touted as a great value toward increasing the efficiency of supply chains."
"We consider the problem of integrating inventory control and vehicle routing into a cost-effective strategy for a distribution system consisting of one depot and many geographically dispersed retailers."
"Companies and managers are apt to forget information, yet classic game theory analysis assumes that all players have perfect recall."
"The authors examine how introducing forgetfulness into a multiplayer game-theoretic framework can help or hinder cooperative behavior."
"We investigate why arbitrage opportunities are created by analyzing how sellers choose where to sell vehicles."
"It makes use of several standard procedures, but adapts them and adds others to accommodate the unavoidable difficulty of discreteness in real production situations."
"Management Sci.24 (5) 581–584; van Gigch, J. P. 1976."
"However, this question has not received much specific attention in the literature, largely because of a preoccupation with formal theories and models."
"This paper deals with the problem of a firm that searches the optimal location of plants under the following conditions: (1) Transport costs for delivery are incurred by the firm; transport costs between a plant and a customer are linear. ("
"Our empirical results indicate that the asymptotic approximations are reasonably accurate for sample sizes seen in practice."
"It is suggested that a measure of management performance should depend solely on the way in which the manager proportions the fund's resources and not on fund contributions and withdrawals."
"Even though the expected value of cost information strictly decreases with competition, the optimal price for industry-specific cost information set by an information vendor increases with competition when the firms’ products are sufficiently substitutable."
"This paper studies the competitive landscape that arises in ad exchanges and the implications for publishers’ decisions."
"We estimate an intercountry production function relating IT and non-IT inputs to GDP output, on panel data from 36 countries over the 1985–1993 period."
"This model describes the stochastic nature of each queue in the shop and its relationship to the other queues comprising the network."
"In a set of controlled laboratory experiments, we find that seller behavior often deviates from the theoretical benchmarks."
"In addition the paper contains a historical review of the main stages in the development of the model and its solution."
"If the division's message changes the coordinating decision, then the manager is evaluated on the basis of his division's realized profits less the reported impact of the change in coordinating decisions (resulting from his message) on the profits of the other divisions."
"These uncertainties are in the form of unplanned machine maintenance, varying production yields and rework, among others."
"Using a novel data set of actual mutual fund trades, we find that, controlling for investment style, larger funds realize lower percentage transaction costs than smaller funds."
"Efficient Monte Carlo and quasi-Monte Carlo option pricing under the variance gamma model."
"However, we also find that positive demand externality is more pronounced in food categories, mainly as a result of increased purchase incidence."
"I solve a dynamic equilibrium model of commodity spot and futures prices, incorporating an active futures market, heterogeneous risk-averse participants, and storage."
"These properties are analogous to those of the Arrow-Pratt measures of risk aversion in the portfolio selection model with one riskless and one risky investment."
"They are suitable for use in evaluating proposed bidding policies or as objective functions in optimization formulations."
"Thus, highly compensated GCs appear to tolerate moderately aggressive behavior but constrain it such that it would not result in violation of securities laws and jeopardize their standing within the firm."
"Vol."
"We propose that a decision maker who is exposed to relevant attribute levels will form spontaneous valuations, which will then insulate the decision maker from the effects of context during subsequent preference assessment."
"The conflicting biases are documented in psychological research."
"We consider two alternatives for the uncertainty set, one in which risk pooling is implicit and another for which risk pooling is explicit."
"The monopolist faces a consumer market heterogeneous in its preference for quality and offers a quality level that maximizes its profit."
"Section II discusses the character of scientific method in order to form a basis for the ideas to be described under Sections III, IV, and V. Section III considers linear equations, with examples being given of their application to management problems."
"This paper was accepted by Lorin Hitt, information systems."
"This can be interpreted as the problem faced in the short term by a ride-hailing platform."
"Consumers who are close to one another in a social network often make similar purchase decisions."
"New York: The Macmillan Company, 1969, 543 pp.,"
"However, such classification programs can incur massive risks of incorrectly classifying subjects as normotensive who are truly hypertensive and incorrectly classifying subjects as hypertensive who are truly normotensive."
"The model we study, where consumer choices are discrete, was originally proposed by Hitt and Chen [Hitt L, Chen P (2005) Bundling with customer self-selection: A simple approach to bundling low-marginal-cost goods."
"446—reviewed by Nathan Brodsky;—Operations Research and Systems Engineering."
"The myopic (simplest) heuristic performs well only for moderately varying problems without heavy end of season salvaging, giving errors for this type of problem that are less than 1.5%."
"347."
"What motivates users to contribute content for free, however, is not well understood."
"paperback $3.95;—Forester, John, Statistical Selection of Business Strategies."
"In our perfect markets case, an individual can borrow against future earnings and purchase actuarially fair annuities; we show that under these assumptions WTP is the sum of livelihood (discounted expected future earnings) and consumer surplus."
"This counterintuitive result occurs because the rating agency adjustments made before SFAS158 were punitive relative to the combination of the SFAS158 changes and the rating agency adjustments made after SFAS158."
"The standard framework for modeling stochastic choice, the random utility model, is agnostic about the temporal dynamics of the decision process."
"Managers of nonprofit organizations should carefully assess this tension when determining whether and how to provide information on their performance metrics."
"formalised thresholds as minimum perceivable differences between the utilities of the alternatives compared and incorporated such thresholds into the binary logit model."
"Effects of Piracy on Quality of Information Goods (p. 245)Atanu Lahiri, Debabrata DeyWorldwide losses caused by software piracy are estimated at approximately $59 billion."
"In a multi-item inventory system, such as an assemble-to-order manufacturing system or an online-retailing system, a customer order typically consists of several different items in different amounts."
"However, suppliers do react and protect their downside against producer's operating policies by revising their strategies in a manner consistent with their profitmaximization objectives."
"We allow for a correlated demand stream as we analyze our models in an asymptotic regime,in which the penalty and holding costs are small relative to the cost of capacity."
"This learning is done through deliberate activities, especially various types of experimentation."
"This paper focuses on the connection between product complexity and vertical integration using original empirical evidence from the auto industry."
"The demand distributions of retailers in this game are modeled using a multiplicative aggregate market-share model in which the mean demands are obtained from the steady-state results for individual purchases, but the model is simplified in other respects for tractability."
"Moreover, the effect of density is greatest for offline and online word-of-mouth acquisitions; this finding suggests that density contributes to the “bandwagon” effect."
"Derman and Klein present sufficient conditions on the field life of an item function under which a LIFO policy is optimal."
"However, quality is highly multidimensional."
"In addition, we show that, under plausible circumstances, reductions in uncertainty can be detrimental to social welfare: lower information asymmetry about reporting weakness always encourages more aggressive misreporting and boosts investment, thereby exacerbating the possible overinvestment problem faced by some firms."
"The differences in performance are explained by differences in decision making."
"Our specific application considers clinical pathway concordance for stage III colon cancer."
"Fourth, and possibly the most important long-run consideration, MOEs provide the basis for better regulation by the government."
"A bi-extremal principle for frontier estimation and efficiency evaluation."
"If the division's message to the center has no impact on the center's coordinating decisions, then the manager is evaluated on the basis of his own division's realized profits."
"Overtime is limited to be not more than a fixed multiple of regular time."
"Traditional methods, characterized here as the authority approach and the group incremental approach, have significant limitations."
"There was none of the equipment needed for rapid input, and printed output, for rapid sorting, and for access to large volumes of storage."
"If so, what are some of these differences?"
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2665.This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"Similarly, how does a manufacturer decide whether to allow sales agents to choose certain costly actions (e.g., kickbacks to clients) or to take control of these actions itself?"
"We show that consulting the agent was beneficial to principals as long as they followed the agent's choice."
"This article shows how to modify the model of the SLLSP by looking beyond the planning horizon."
"These implications are empirically tested, and the empirical results confirm the model’s validity."
"The strength of the suggested approach lies in the logical relationship between the operating decision rules, that meaningfully take into account past experience, and the control indices."
"Resource rationing is defined as the under-allocation of resources; i.e., an increase in the amount allocated would generate revenues in excess of its costs."
"Conventional wisdom appears to suggest that target market expertise is indispensable, which is why most managers searching for new ideas tend to stay within their own market context even when they do search outside their firms' boundaries."
"In accomplishing this task, this study extends the Jacquemin-Berry entropy diversification measure to the global horizon."
"A proof of their optimality in estimating the expected value of the response sum or the response difference of a pair of functions of vector arguments with dependent components is presented."
"Surveys indicate that other kinds of preference misrepresentation are also prevalent."
"The merits and drawbacks of the price system as a control mechanism are discussed in light of the preceding discussion, with especial reference to the effects of uncertainty."
"As Moore's algorithm only differs on minor points, this proof covers it as well."
"This paper uses a formal model to study how evaluation costs affect competition for resources in strategic factor markets."
"Using the details of vesting terms, we document that stock options granted in high-investor-sentiment periods tend to have shorter vesting periods and durations and are more likely to vest completely or have a significantly larger fraction vested within one year of the grant date, relative to low-sentiment periods."
"The sequence-splitting model splits an entire schedule into subsequences, leading to tractable subproblems."
"Time preferences and risk preferences play an important role in a wide range of behavior, including financial decisions, entrepreneurship, and the proper incentivizing of agents."
"As problem size increased the majority of time was spent not in determining a local minimum but in verifying that the minimum was global."
"This paper describes the development and analysis of a numerical taxonomy of manufacturing strategies."
"Perhaps surprisingly, permitting a firm with market power to horizontally integrate with a competitor may improve efficiency."
"In this paper, we characterize the relationship between the expected optimal value of a stochastic linear program and a stochastic program with recourse and the degree of uncertainty in the objective function coefficients c and the stipulation vector b. It is shown that under certain conditions the expected objective value is nondecreasing as the degree of uncertainty in c increases and the opposite is true for the case of b. The degree of uncertainty of a random vector is defined in terms of a covariance matrix."
"Mitroff, Mason and Barabba presented a case study of a policy model, built around the problem of undercounting minorities in the U.S. Census, in a Toulmin format."
"With further study this information could provide useful insights for analysis in the areas of selection, training, performance evaluation and personnel appraisal."
"Management Sci.16(1, September).]"
"The forestry returns were defined as a sum of exponential physical growth and stumpage price return."
"The study examines the effect of product certification by expert intermediaries, prominent customers, and social proof (that is, others’ interest in investing in a venture) on interest in investing."
"We show that the introduction of option contracts causes the wholesale price to increase and the volatility of the retail price to decrease."
"It is shown that if statistical equilibrium exists for the total loss of an individual arrival, the optimal schedule minimizes the expected total loss of a single arrival, and is given by the scheduling rule which applies when there are no additional arrivals."
"$12.95;—King, William R., Probability for Management Decisions."
"A note on the centre of gravity in depot location."
"We find that an average TV ad leads to a 3% increase in EDGAR (Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval) system queries and an 8% increase in Google searches for financial information within 15 minutes of the airing of that ad."
"Sufficient conditions are given on the structure of the preference relations to insure that the recursive dynamic programming procedure yields an optimal sequence of decisions."
"We also show how complexity and uneven rates of turbulence moderate the nonmonotonic relationship between turbulence and integration."
"In particular, this approach eliminates the spreading of orders over several stock sizes, a characteristic which has plagued the linear programming-based procedures that have been proposed for solving the problem."
"This paper was accepted by David Simchi-Levi, finance."
"Production of a given commodity is to be scheduled over time to meet known future requirements while minimizing total costs."
"Contract manufacturing is not the only means to achieve capacity pooling."
"The new policy is equivalent to the introduction of a warehouse with no inventory that is in charge of the ordering, allocation, and distribution of inventory to the retailers."
"Consistent with the theory, nonmotivated principals exploit the agents’ motivation by offering lower piece rates, whereas very motivated principals pay higher piece rates to boost the donation."
"For the mean-CVaR problem, the PBR model is a combinatorial optimization problem, but we prove its convex relaxation, a quadratically constrained quadratic program, is essentially tight."
"Charnes and Cooper present a solution by means of linear programming techniques of one version of what is called the “warehouse problem”."
"touched briefly on the problem of variations over time in the optimum network of facilities: Are locations set in order to be most efficient with todays population, ten years hence or twenty years hence or an average of all three?"
"This paper was accepted by Charles Corbett, operations management."
"Traditional staffing methods based on stationary queueing formulas do not take this into account."
"We find that moving the equipment operator from a basic, pay-per-service plan to a fixed-fee, full-protection plan not only reduces reliability but also increases equipment service costs."
"The theory prediction that players will tend toward P.O. must be based on the explicit, not implicit, assumption of complete information."
"Complementing this evidence, we observe in our experiments that quotas lead to lower effort levels and lower wages in such environments."
"Firms typically use query-based search to help consumers find information/products on their websites."
"Further, the markets are populated by a nonrepresentative sample of mistake-prone and biased traders."
"Finally, it is shown how a variety of problems may be restructured as multi-stage linear programs to which this algorithm may be applied, and some computational experience is reported."
"The educational goal of a graduate program in the management sciences should be to adequately prepare a student for a lifetime pursuit of any phase of management science he chooses."
"One of the contributions of our work is the introduction of a Dirichlet-multinomial data-generating process for modeling opponents’ team selections, and we estimate the parameters of this model via Dirichlet regressions."
"Statistically significant mean abnormal returns on the day of the announcements ranged from a low of 0.59% to a high of 0.67% depending on the model used to generate the abnormal returns."
"We formulate a model involving a social planner who sets the disclosure policy and a vendor who decides on the patch release."
"It has been implemented in both plain Monte Carlo and quasi-Monte Carlo environments."
"The paper also relates the primary discussion on the relationship between the strategy type and strategy-making mode typologies to the content-process dilemma on which it sheds some light."
"When the buyer audits both tiers, it might choose a supplier other than the least valuable."
"Mathematical Statistics."
"Our study shows that social movements that seek to address gender inequality can, indeed, lead to meaningful change."
"The former gives rise to a zero-one programming problem and the latter to a “feed-mix” problem."
"Degrees of specialization and generalization are evidently in conflict both for teaching time and by the natural inclinations of various personality types (both students and teachers)."
"The declining cost of information technology (IT) over time provides the later entrant in information-intensive industries a cost advantage."
"In die final section of the paper the results from these two classes of studies are summarized and related to a view of vague subjective probabilities."
"Publications in Operations Research, No."
"We organize the literature into 12 themes."
"A test is performed on the system, and it is demonstrated that, management took action to reduce collections in response to higher than necessary inventory levels and increased collections during a period when insufficient inventory levels were forecast."
"Unfortunately, too little has been done to develop valid operational definitions of performance, or to identify the weaknesses and biases inherent m certain types of performance measures."
"Using individual-level click-stream data from Microsoft’s Live Search platform and measures of advertiser prominence from Alexa.com, we find that ad position and advertiser prominence are substitutes."
"We focus on two key components of information contained in the message—information about the sender’s purchase status prior to referral and information about the existence of referral rewards—and their impacts on the recipient’s purchase decision and further referral behavior."
"Cognitive style was found to be an important factor in the decision to adopt and the assessment of risk."
"We also study the effect of alliance structure and compatibility of retailers on the profit of a company."
"The empirical findings suggest three factors most significantly associated with innovation in the ICJV's in our sample: (1) age similarity among organizational members, (2) the sponsoring organization's orientation towards innovation, and (3) ICJV participation in integrative activities with the sponsoring organization."
"Some observations on adaptive forecasting."
"If the manufacturer designs a contract that is accepted by both retailers, it sets the wholesale price as a compromise between two conflicting roles: reducing intrabrand retail price competition and inducing retailers to stock closer to first-best levels (that is, optimum for the supply chain as a whole)."
"In instances of decision making under uncertainty with a visual component, we propose that individuals show a bias and estimate a higher probability of a threat affecting them if the threat is located in their left visual field compared to their right visual field."
"This paper presents a model of an (s, S) inventory system in which there are two priority classes of customers."
"Most research into cost systems has focused on their motivational implications."
"Practical and theoretical implications are discussed."
"An ordering of the accounting costs under two of these is obtained, and for distributions with Increasing Hazard Rate an ordering of the optimum replacement time is derived."
"In this paper we review and extend this work."
"This note illustrates, that there are situations in which it is convenient to consider utility or, more precisely, disutility as a probability."
"The “computer” collects, analyzes, and presents information on a set of alternatives to the decision maker who then communicates to the “computer” his choice of the best alternatives in the set."
"This paper was accepted by Christian Terwiesch, operations management."
"We consider a seller who can sell her product over two periods, advance and spot."
"Techniques for the implementation of a linear scoring model are critically examined; and a new method, termed DARE, is discussed as it is presently applied in this Office."
"If the final product produced by the buyer exhibits decoupling and no function sharing with respect to the components (termed separable architecture), the first-best outcome is attained if both internal and external failures are contractible."
"Each decision maker made two sets of utility assessments: the first regarding outcomes described by the fundamental attributes “pollution control cost” and “pollution related illness”; the second regarding outcomes described by the fundamental attribute “pollution control cost” and the proxy attribute “pollution emissions level” (which served as an indirect measure of illness)."
"A model is developed which allows the determination of the optimal inventory level for an item at any time if no additional procurements are to be made."
"We introduce the problem of assigning pairs of developers to modules so as to maximize the commonality—a measure of the extent to which common developers work on related modules—subject to a load-balancing constraint that is motivated by the need to control the completion time of the project."
"The authors examine whether feedback improves performance in competitive environments by modifying the agents' self-esteem."
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"Finally, we examine the twin testosterone transfer effect in a sample of opposite-sex and same-sex twins from the National Survey of Midlife Development in the United States and provide additional support for the marginally significant (two-tailed test) positive association between testosterone and self-employment."
"Second, participant wait must be controlled through indirect exchanges."
"We also present specific conditions under which the following results hold: (1) Investment in excess stocks to enhance learning will occur in every dynamic problem, and (2) a product is never dropped after a period of poor sales."
"We will show that the ADVISOR models present strong evidence in favor of a descriptive model of advertising/sales expenditures that is not constant with the dollar level of sales."
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, 1967, $7.95, 275 pp—reviewed by Peter Langhoff;—Sengupta, S. Sankar, Operations Research in Sellers' Competition: A Stochastic Microtheory."
"A number of retailers offer gambling- or lottery-type price promotions with a chance to receive one’s entire purchase for free."
"Technology-driven commerce channels, such as the Web, possess several unique features that differentiate them from traditional channels."
"Its focus will therefore be on determining what methodology, what tools and techniques the Manager needs to do an orderly and systematic job of managing."
"Consumer switching generates inefficiency in the process of matching advertisers to consumers, because advertisers may not reach some consumers and may impress others too many times."
"Similarly, investors who were able to view the combined product certification and social proof signals have a 65% higher likelihood of indicating an interest in investing."
"is optimal in an infinite horizon nonstationary inventory process."
"Edited by Carl Heyel."
"It is an extension of the well-known technique of ordering the segments of all the fi according to decreasing slope which applies in the special case when each fi has decreasing slopes (that is, is marginally decreasing)."
"Thus, the purpose of the policy is to induce more competition and facilitate the growth of new or small service providers."
"So, interestingly, a higher variance would correspond to a higher subsequent demand if and only if the average rating is low."
"This observation permits the Wiener-Hopf theory for stationary series to be applied to the transformed series."
"The estimation results also show that brand equity accounts for a substantial fraction of firm market value (about 23%), and that this value varies substantially across industries."
"Recently, an agile software development technique called extreme programming has caught the attention of practitioners and researchers in the software industry."
"Therefore, ranking incentives should be used with care."
"The model of the agency incorporates the formal structure of authority, the communication network and the process of exchange of informal obligations between agency decision units."
"The second experiment tests explicitly the effects of biased and unbiased pay-off structures on estimation within an organization."
"Under this model, we study the statistical learning task of model fitting from a static store of precollected customer data."
"In contrast, we present two methods that estimate the unobservable cost parameters characterizing the mismatch cost function."
"Within the audit-and-drop subphase, when auditing only in the upper tier, the buyer always audits a least valuable unaudited supplier, yielding greater balance in the network."
"We conclude that it is useful to have a unified framework that incorporates both types of learning to explain dynamic choice behavior across different settings."
"Relying on competitor testing (i.e., having the regulator test only to verify evidence of violations provided by competitors) is most effective in large or concentrated markets in which firms have strong brands and high quality, and for standards that are highly valued by consumers."
"Program objectives derive from park policy about visitor use and benefits."
"We show that although they can coordinate the staffing level, the resulting service quality is below system optimum."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1967, 258 pp.,"
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"This paper was accepted by Peter Wakker, decision analysis."
"Using data from 10 hospitals from a single hospital network, we take a data-driven approach to classify patients based on severity and empirically estimate the clinical and operational outcomes associated with routing these patients to the SDU."
"Design, development, implementation and operation of a short-term blood inventory level forecast system is described."
"Job motivation is significantly lower among negatively reciprocal employees who were affected by the reform."
"J. Econom."
"These findings suggest that investors misvalue the accrual characteristic and cast doubt on the rational risk explanation."
"3) Patients waiting for a bed can overflow to a nonprimary ward when the waiting time reaches a threshold, where the threshold is time dependent."
"The use of decomposition as a procedure for improving the consistency of subjective probability encoding is discussed."
"We show (Theorem 1) that each stage game has a unique equilibrium in which there are two thresholds, z < v, and say selector I accepts candidate (x, y) if x > v or x > z and y > v. We show that for sufficiently large p and c, decisions are unanimous, and that as the number n of candidates goes to infinity, the equilibrium value of the game goes to the golden mean."
"Absolute noise levels were high for all but the best plants, leading to lost learning."
"We show that the focal firms’ risk levels are significantly related to the proportion of shared tier-2 suppliers in their supply network, and the effect becomes monotonically stronger as their tier-2 suppliers become more highly shared."
"We provide a two-phase model, wherein the first phase the optimal set of lots to be acquired is chosen and given the optimal set, and the products using each acquired lot is also determined."
"Small firms experience a positive stock price performance in the second year before winning quality awards but no negative performance before winning quality awards."
"Instead, considerations of sequential formation of coalitions within a coalition structure, the concept of maximal share structure suggested in the equal share solution, and a recently developed model, that encompasses the predictions of the bargaining set and equal shares, served jointly as the first-order determinants of both the decision of which coalition to form and the allocation of payoff to coalition members."
"We generate 2,639 test problems, which involve 99 items and are substantially larger than most of the previously used benchmark problems."
"QFD changes communication patterns from “up-over-down” flows through management to more horizontal routes where core team members communicate directly with one another."
"In our setting, being sponsored provides a vote of confidence and/or creates a link between the protégé’s and sponsor’s payoffs."
"This paper was accepted by Jay Swaminathan, operations management."
"The delay in price adjustments reflects that for regulated firms the basis for setting product prices is historical cost, rather than current cost."
"With this goal, regulators have tended to mandate increased disclosure."
"An optimal schedule is developed for H jobs on K identical machines in single stage production."
"Backlogging is not permitted."
"Opportunistic policies have a structure which may be described by a critical number N and a set of such critical numbers n1,n2, …, each corresponding to one of the parts under inspection."
"Because of the size of the pools, the measurement of these exposures is computationally expensive."
"The authors explain an interesting phenomenon observed in design contests: clustering of searchers in specific regions of the solution space."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2583.This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"An essential feature of the model is that it permits backlogging of unsatisfied demand; otherwise the model is similar to the one considered by Manne [Manne, A. S. 1958."
"The insight for management: The authors make progress toward “automating” the crucial task of choice model selection for improved choice prediction."
"The aim of this paper is two-fold."
"534—reviewed by Jacques Fayette;—Simmonard, M. “Programmation Lineaire.”"
"We consider a model consisting of a manufacturer releasing a new product with uncertain release date and demand, and a retailer who must determine the allocation of limited capacity between a preexisting third-party product and the manufacturer’s new product that may or may not be released on time."
"The possible extension of the procedure to the case p − q > 1 is illustrated by a numerical example."
"There is limited evidence of the factors that create and eliminate arbitrage opportunities, how often arbitrage occurs, and how profitable it is."
"An estimation method is proposed to recover the nonparametric distribution of buyer search cost from the price and transaction volume data."
"We compare our optimal capacity and time to market policies with those resulting from exogeneous demand forecasts in order to quantify the value of endogenizing demand."
"The solution of a programming problem consists of finding that point out of the points satisfying all constraints which maximizes some given objective function."
"Two competing stories can explain this phenomenon."
"However, this decrease was more than offset by increased subscription revenue as the policy change led to a 31% increase in total subscriptions during our seven-month study, yielding net positive revenues of over $230,000."
"The efficiency of the algorithm results from the insight that the relaxed problem can be solved by computing a minimum cut in an appropriately defined directed graph."
"Previous research suggests that IT investment and complementary assets are insufficient for developing countries to realize economic benefits."
"This algorithm is based on an extension of the current mechanisms; therefore it can be implemented easily in any computerized auction system."
"It is shown that it is fruitful to study the advertising budget as advertising = (advertising/marketing) × marketing; i.e., a marketing budget is set and then a split of that budget into personal and impersonal communications is made."
"M. I. T. Press, Boston, MA.]),"
"We test whether receivers' rates of monetary sacrifice depend on the process by which an outcome is reached."
"The paper also examines the effects on the model of (1) alternative accounting treatments of production-related costs, and (2) continuous learning due to employee turnover."
"We estimate the model using data from the computer printer market comprising the market leader, Hewlett Packard (HP), and followers: Epson, Canon, and Lexmark."
"It is through the medium of a machine-oriented (as opposed to natural) language that the user must communicate with the computer."
"We reexamine this trade-off in a workplace lab environment and find that, in line with theory, principals increase fixed pay while lowering performance pay when the relationship between effort and output is noisier."
"The authors examine the price determinants and investment performance of art by statistical examination of more than one million auction transactions of paintings and works on paper."
"Hospital and healthcare administrators name high prescription drug costs as one of their largest problems."
"OptPack (Nourie and Venta [Nourie, Francis J., E. R. Venta."
"Homewood, Illinois: Richard D. Irwin, Inc., 1959—reviewed by Edward H. Bowman;—Scientific Programming in Business and Industry."
"The cost of increasing production from one period to the next is a concave function of the increase; similarly, the cost of decreasing production is a concave function of the decrease."
"The mass of data; the need for considering numerous aspects of the problem simultaneously; and the variety of restrictions (arising from the technology, labor agreements and government regulation) make the control of day to day operations a management problem of great complexity."
"It generally emphasizes the parties' underlying interests (as distinct from the issues on the table and the positions taken), alternatives to negotiated agreement, approaches to productively manage the inherent tension between competitive actions to “claim” value individually and cooperative ones to “create” value jointly, as well as efforts to change perceptions of the game itself."
"Treatment is more effective later. ("
"We show that even when the firm and the consumers have the same beliefs about the product’s safety, there are incentives for the firm to seek safety certification."
"Although spillovers are a crucial factor in determining the optimal environment for innovation, there is no consensus regarding their impact on firm behavior."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"We find that public research is critical to industrial R&D in a small number of industries and importantly affects industrial R&D across much of the manufacturing sector."
"Second, BPD frequently increases each firm’s total profits, even in the poaching equilibrium."
"These findings offer evidence that capability-building interventions may reduce social harm in global supply chains."
"Since this paper by Gerson and Maffei (Gerson, M. L., R. B. Maffei."
"This paper develops rolling horizon procedures for solving a multistage inventory problem with facilities-in-series."
"In the corresponding linear programming formulation the coefficients of the constraints are not constant but can be considered as stochastic."
"The applied researcher, on the other hand, should be encouraged to participate in technical seminars within the organization, although often beyond his immediate project team."
"Density forecasts of call volumes can be used in simulation models and are also important for the analysis of outsourcing contracts."
"The well-known cumulative prospect theory (CPT) holds that most people evaluate an outcome relative to a reference point; falling below that point can create more disutility than exceeding it by the same amount."
"The online trading platform Alibaba provides financial technology (FinTech) credit for millions of micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs)."
"For nearly two decades, the user-satisfaction construct has occupied a central role in behavioral research in Information Systems (IS)."
"In contrast to the existing literature, we assume that the firm can limit the manager's informational rents with the early termination of the project."
"This product/process redesign will defer the point of differentiation (i.e., defer the stage after which the products assume their unique identities)."
"failure"
"This suggests that the market evaluation of a business group is conducted more on the basis of a leading firm than a nonleading firm within a group."
"Mathematical Theory of Reliability."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"Third, we explore the sensitivity of the firm's optimal capacity investment decision to key problem components, namely to the cost of flexible and nonflexible production capacity, to the underlying distribution of product demand, and to the level of risk."
"A help process is at the core of this system, in which project managers may ask for and provide help while top management facilitates such exchanges."
"We develop a source-of-volume model and a measurement procedure to decompose the life-cycle sales volume from a line extension into sales from cannibalization, competitive draw, and demand expansion."
"Moreover there are holding and penalty costs."
"Our results overwhelmingly show the efficacy of the incentive contracts in improving the welfare of the investors."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"Content within domains is searched using anchors whose locations and numbers change."
"This paper deals with an application of a variant of Karmarkar's projective algorithm for linear programming to the solution of a generic nondifferentiable minimization problem."
"With the cooperation of a manufacturing concern, the new methods have been developed in the context of a set of concrete production scheduling problems that were found in a factory operated by the company."
"The second part of the expository paper started with Elmaghraby, S. E. 1970."
"We examine two specific crowdsourcing features: the ability to submit content and the ability to access crowdsourced content."
"We also extend our structural models to incorporate external information on forecasting biases and mismatch costs reported by the medical literature."
"We survey promising new application areas, and show how procedures may be customized to reflect the structure of particular applications."
"This paper was accepted by Neng Wang, finance."
"This introduces the potential for reporting bias, a situation where traders exhibit different propensities to report different outcome types to the system."
"As a retaliatory consequence, the manufacturer sets high near-term wholesale prices."
"ETF activity increases return comovement, and this increase is partly attributable to the timely incorporation of systematic earnings information."
"This study introduces prior information in the form of size and industry-based cross-sectional distributions of risk estimates."
"This is particularly true if higher-quality firms can hold prices constant."
"Model estimation for a time series subject to calendar intervention is also discussed."
"The main issue, however, is whether the procedure advocated in his paper overcomes the limitations of previous devices."
"Parameters of endogenous model variables are remarkably stable over time, alternative brands, parameter estimation methods and specially-defined subgroups of the panel, while parameters of exogenous model variables vary systematically."
"In this paper, we extend the theory of supply chain flexibility by considering placement of vertical flexibility across multiple stages in a supply chain."
"The paper analyzes a family of dynamic trading strategies which do not rely on any stochastic process assumptions (aside from continuity and positivity) and in particular do not require predicting future volatilities."
"is interesting as much for the questions he raises as for the answer he proposes."
"Insurance allows the latter to credibly commit to lower effort, thereby mitigating the incentives of the wealth-constrained firms to free ride."
"failure"
"Compared to the case without consumer-generated quality information, the firm may reduce the initial sales and lower the initial price."
"Studies on the Collapse of Fire Service in New York City 1972–1976: The Impact of Pseudoscience in Public Policy (pamphlet), Univ."
"Contract customers pay fixed, prenegotiated rental fees and expect a high quality of service."
"Data, the online appendix, and the experimental instructions are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2951.This paper was accepted by Teck-Hua Ho, behavioral economics."
"The decision information system is used to illustrate that experimentation concerned with better understanding of the adoption process can be used to facilitate model design and application."
"Fair lending analysis of nonmortgage credit products often involves proxying for race/ethnicity since such information is not required to be reported."
"Using this explicit solution, the model and the heuristic, we investigate (1) the benefit of advance demand information, and its impact on allocation decisions, (2) the joint role of risk pooling and advance demand information, and (3) the system performance with respect to supplier and retailer lead times."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2973.This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"This paper was accepted by Sandra Slaughter, information systems."
"In order to determine an optimum sales strategy for a property it is useful to estimate the distribution of bids which will be received for the property."
"This paper develops a model for aggregating ordinal rankings in which the voter is allowed to express such intensity of preferences, and a method to derive the consensus ranking is proposed."
"Using probability forecast data from U.S. and European Surveys of Professional Forecasters, we present empirical evidence that trimmed opinion pools can outperform the linear opinion pool."
"We develop a model of voluntary disclosure and production decisions and use it to establish that firms will tacitly collude by disclosing when current market demand is low and when the decision horizon is long."
"Our findings provide several new insights for research on inventors, the literature on organizational learning and innovation, and strategy research."
"The resulting preference functions were combined in a mathematical programming model with constraints on budget balance and growth to yield “optimal” university configurations."
"How can retailers make mixed marketing in these two segments work most effectively?"
"In this paper, we investigate the equilibrium behavior of decentralized supply chains with competing retailers under demand uncertainty."
"Computer systems play an increasingly important role in modern enterprises."
"Wiley, New York.)."
"Insight and understanding are fostered by differentiating the difficulties encountered by management science in marketing from those in production."
"The retrieval of items from storage is a chore faced by virtually every business concern."
"provided a method to solve separable nonlinear objective functions with large-scale linear constraints by using W. I. Zangwill's Convex Simplex Method [Zangwill, W. L. 1967."
"Repeated application of sampling inspections together with replacement policies are used to maintain quality."
"In particular, we show that the estimates of all derivatives can be improved."
"It also briefly mentions the second or current experiment of the Laboratory."
"The resulting class of problems is named multiobjective mixed integer programming (MOMIP) problems."
"We study how the joint pricing of these products affects price discovery and the distribution of gains from trade in an asset market."
"The method uses past planning data to estimate costs that are otherwise difficult to estimate."
"In each period, the production level may not exceed a given capacity, but the purchase is unrestricted."
"The arbitrary-consistent rules outperformed, on average, 41% of human opponents, the corresponding figure for arbitrary-random being 19%."
"This paper offers a personal perspective on the development of decision theory and related subjects during the past half century."
"This alternative approach will be illustrated through two specific examples taken from recent experience."
"These estimates are economically large, suggesting that the disutility costs of purchasing online are substantial and that offline transportation costs matter."
"We also discuss why the predictions of contingency theory often are not substantiated by research because the responses of organizations to the external environment vary in different life cycle stages."
"Hence it operates according to some managerial principles."
"This paper extends the multinomial methodology for obtaining an upper bound on the total overstatement (or understatement) error in an accounting population to the determination of a lower bound on the total overstatement (or understatement) error."
"The number of iterations, i.e., the number of linear covering problems solved, ranged between 1 and 6, while the number of covers in the largest covering problem solved usually did not exceed the number of constraints in the original problem."
"We show that as the consensus cost c increases from 0, this hurts the selectors (Theorem 4) but helps the firm (Theorem 6), whose utility from hiring candidate (x, y) is a weighted average of x and y. Thus a little conformity is good for the firm."
"We find that forced sales result in fire sale discounts."
"We show why and when the FPBE mechanism yields higher profits for the search engine compared with the traditional GSP auction and the GSP auction with advertiser-specific minimum bid."
"We back the heuristic with an approximation guarantee that becomes tighter for larger problem sizes."
"Proponents of this technique argue that scheduling performance is improved by gathering and processing two different types of operating information on a routine basis for use in making priority scheduling decisions: queue waiting time information for individual machines and stock status information from the shop's inventory system."
"Therefore, the dismal performance of groups in pooling the information needed to identify the superior option primarily result from the structure of the problem rather than deficiencies in how groups share and process information."
"Both the theory and the experimental results reported here strongly indicate that a nonstandard (in the context of steady-state simulation), yet easy to apply, estimation procedure is required on highly parallel machines."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"Two general screening strategies are described."
"In this survey of areas of application of game theory some problems which have been completely formulated, solved, and are of immediate practical value have been discussed in Sections 4 and 5."
"The traditional formulation of the economic lot size is shown to be incorrect in the general case and a preferred formulation is presented for the situation studied here."
"We estimate that over the last 14 weeks of the data period, such a policy would have raised 2.5% more donation, provided 9% more funding to the projects by allocating them to more viable projects, funded 17% more projects, and provided 15% more utility to the donors from the donations than the current system."
"A variety of well-known facility location and location-allocation models are shown to be equivalent to, and therefore solvable as, generalized assignment problems (GAP's). ("
"Information revelation and didactic learning were not significantly different from any other condition."
"Such procedures preferably would be performed as soon as possible, but admitting too many patients may result in exceeding a day's capacity, possibly necessitating turning away some emergency cases."
"We also identify a sufficient condition under which the optimal price decreases over time for a given inventory level."
"The purchasing threshold captures the psychological resistance to online purchasing that may grow or shrink as a customer gains more experience with the purchasing process at a given website."
"Our estimation results have important implications for retail operations."
"Various measures of production efficiency are defined based on this model."
"$9.95;—Morgan, Bruce W., An Introduction to Bayesian Statistical Decision Processes."
"This address also will concern these activities; in fact, that is its title: The Institute in Action."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2649.This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"The number of products to be introduced is endogenously determined on the basis of their desirability, fixed and variable costs, and in the case of profits, their cannibalization effect on other products."
"The computational complexity in these techniques arises from the fact that each of the methods finds the set of nondominated extreme points in the solution space where such extreme points are, generally, many."
"The underlying demand distribution was assumed to be exponential."
"It is shown that immediate lotteries can be evaluated consistently using utility functions assessed in either currency."
"We propose a method for determining how much to charge users of a communication network when they share bandwidth."
"This paper studies a class of estimators for the variance parameter of a stationary stochastic process."
"In this paper, we address an important gap in the literature on the impact of team diversity on team creativity."
"Our findings show that middle managers are instrumental in reducing personnel turnover, but they face a trade-off between investing in different activities in a multitasking environment with limited resources."
"Surplus or deficit balances may be traded on the Federal funds market."
"In our models, under the tax regime, firms that take no treatment action to mitigate the damage caused by their negative externalities are punished, whereas under the subsidy regime, firms are rewarded for externality treatment activities."
"Repeated interactions of a team can then potentially lead to cooperation among the members of the team under the credible threat of returning to a free-riding equilibrium."
"Examples are given, and analyses are made of several types of profit functions which are applicable to rental situations."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"$7.95—reviewed by C. Derman;—Interindustry Economics."
"Numerical tests indicate that CVP performs well on different demand models and time scales."
"The model is solved for an optimal production plan which requires production rate to change throughout the life of the program."
"This paper was accepted by Gabriel Weintraub, revenue management and market analytics."
"This paper presents a model and an analysis of the cost-flexibility tradeoffs involved in investing in product-flexible manufacturing capacity."
"Many recently developed local search procedures for job shop scheduling use interchange of operations, embedded in a simulated annealing or tabu search framework."
"Do Cultural Differences Between Contracting Parties Matter?"
"In reality, retailers often make such guarantees contingent on the verification of product availability at the competitor's location and decline a price-match request if the product is not available there."
"The author shows that market volatility risk is not exogenous to investor preferences; it is in fact restricted by the investor's risk aversion and skewness preferences."
"First, a local minimum is identified."
"We also demonstrate via simulation experiments that the proposed policy performs within 0.82% of the best solution obtained via a computationally intensive total enumeration method."
"We assume that the functional form of the utility function, but not its parameters, can be determined a priori through qualitative questioning."
"Based on this approach an algorithm is developed for solving integer and mixed-integer quadratic programs."
"The problem under consideration involves scheduling of the processing of an initial queue of jobs and subsequent Poisson arrivals on a single processor."
"Oxford University Press, 1968, 542 pp.,"
"In addition, a technique for developing an integral operator for any PERT network is presented."
"The procedure presented in this paper leads to optimal line balances by operation on a matrix of zeros and ones called a “Precedence Matrix.”"
"A second advantage of having the complete solution available is that it is possible to develop a practical production-inventory system which intermingles a prediction procedure (such as the use of a finite Fourier series) with the solution procedure so that a comparison between predicted and actual inventories can be made continuously."
"The insight for management: Advances in portfolio optimization with considerable downside risk allow for more tractable portfolio optimization."
"In this research, we develop a dynamic hidden Markov model to identify latent states that govern customers' affinity for the available services through which customers evolve."
"Moreover, we derive expressions for determining the optimal policy parameters for such systems and present results on the behavior of the optimal policy parameters."
"A finite-capacity open queueing network with independent balance is considered."
"We consider the problem of comparing a finite number of stochastic systems with respect to a single system (designated as the “standard”) via simulation experiments."
"There were information systems long before there were computers, and information often flows today without the aid of computers, nearly as often in spite of them."
"This paper uses the assumptions that individual discount rates are constant over time and approximately Normally distributed across the affected population, with mean μ and variance σ2, to derive an aggregate discount function that is exponential in form but with time-dependent aggregate discount rate ρ(t) = μ − σ2t/2, where t is the time of occurrence of the cost or benefit."
"Management Sci.25 285–289)."
"This paper was accepted by Amit Seru, finance."
"516 pp."
"We show that imposing disposal fees or encouraging remanufacturing, under some conditions, can actually lead to higher environmental impact."
"This discussion reveals how different modeling can lead to different insights because they make different assumptions about the cause of the bullwhip effect."
"In this paper, we study competition in multiechelon supply chains with an assembly structure."
"This made competition between the units belonging to a common network possible for the first time."
"Few papers document investment distortions on account of debt-equity agency conflicts, only that the threat of distortions influence ex ante financing costs."
"We consider dynamic pricing competition between two firms offering vertically differentiated products to strategic customers who are intertemporal utility maximizers."
"Yet, each player will receive only partial information about the outcome of the lottery, and about the values of these parameters."
"The dynamic programming approach is quite attractive when the relative values of G and M restrict the state space to a manageable size and constraints on the extent of location changes in each period limit the number of alternate decisions."
"Using a large sample of older respondents, we test whether knowledge of basic concepts essential to effective financial choice declines after age 60."
"The second rule arranges the remaining stations according to the so-called “bowl phenomenon.”"
"This return predictive power is incremental to existing return predictors, and it is significant both in sample and out of sample."
"Thus, when food energy intake decreases, the activity pattern of an individual as represented by a queueing system changes: more time is spent at rest; less time is spent in moving activities."
"The general message of the model is that technology coordination and cost-split each contribute to the mitigation of the free-rider problem in RFID adoption."
"Consequently, the incentives for providers to improve service quality may disappear if providers upcode, i.e., misreport HAIs (possibly unintentionally) in a manner that increases reimbursement or avoids financial penalties."
"The consequences of no-shows cannot be underestimated; e.g., British surveys reveal that in the United Kingdom alone more than 12 million general practitioner (GP) appointments are missed every year, costing the British health service an estimated £250 million annually."
"Rather, it concludes that graduate education should constitute a minimum requirement for entrance into the accounting profession."
"However, the development processes differed significantly depending on whether relatively more emphasis was placed on time or market considerations."
"An experiment was conducted to determine the cost savings resulting from using the stochastic method as compared to two deterministic methods."
"Arbitrage occurs in approximately 1% of transactions, although electronic trading is making arbitrage less prevalent by improving buyer/seller matching across locations."
"However, little is known about how access to a decision aid or the availability of competitors' market outcomes impact a firm's competitive decisions (e.g., prices) or market outcomes resulting from those decisions (e.g., profits), or how managers make these decisions across such informational conditions."
"ADVISOR 2: Modeling the marketing mix decision for industrial products."
"Public data seem to play an important, yet relatively underexplored, role in driving performance differences across firms."
"Three basic approaches are discussed: loss transfer (fractions of losses due to stoppage are transferred to succeeding stages)stochastic (distribution of durations of working and down states of each stage leading to determination of state probabilities)queue (treating production lines or queue systems with limitations on size of queue between stages) The concept of the cyclic queue is reviewed and discussed in production line terms (i.e., following a frame or jig through its cycles)."
"Choice models today are ubiquitous across a range of applications in operations and marketing."
"Consumers’ average value for information goods, websites, weather forecasts, music, and news declines with the number consumed."
"Economic and political developments in Western Europe are increasing the interactions among geographically defined segments, and recent development in discrimination techniques may soon make market segmentation a practical strategy for the United States market."
"The model studies the incentives to retire for the current nondisability retirement system and the recent proposal by the President's Commission on Military Compensation."
"In this paper the Discrete Lotsizing and Scheduling Problem (DLSP) with setup times is considered."
"Including Papers from the Sixth and Seventh Annual Conferences on Industrial Research, Columbia University, 1955 and 1956."
"The purpose of this note is to prove that the rules on which Theil and van de Panne [Theil, H., C. van de Panne."
"Evidence indicates that firms manage down year-end working capital through transactions that increase year-end operating cash flow and that firms spread this activity over all working capital accounts."
"I should like to take exception with Mr. Melvin L. Greenhut's statement that “both Weinwurm and Flood are correct” (“Mathematics, Realism and Management Science” by Melvin L. Greenhut, Management Science, April 1958, p. 315)."
"Restrictions are often imposed in these assessments to reflect prior judgments on the values of input and/or output variables."
"This article provides option bounds under higher orders of dominance."
"We derive several testable empirical predictions about the determinants and structure of corporate venturing."
"Asymptotic tests over-reject the null of no predictability in present-value models."
"We present experimental evidence to support our model."
"Also, compensation should increase with the difficulties of making correct or conforming predictions."
"However, employers in Republican areas exhibit significant bias against the Muslim candidate relative to the Christian candidate."
"It focuses on project-level mechanisms for the generation of knowledge through experimentation and for its accumulation through individual experience."
"However, prior empirical research lacks a generalizable proxy to capture leader versus laggard behavior, thus limiting prior findings to specific contexts."
"A linear programming formulation of this problem was given by Kelley [Kelley, J. E., Jr. 1961."
"In this paper, the author proposes that a university can usefully formulate a long range policy for student housing by (1) including in its definition of the housing system all the facilities that are used for housing students, whether on or off-campus and (2) examining the trade-offs available through the use of a formal analytical model."
"Taken together, our results suggest that social connections help independent directors gain access to private bad news information from firms' senior executives."
"Taken together, our results highlight the trade-offs faced by mutual funds between trading costs, portfolio characteristics, and fund performance as they grow in size."
"A multi-item facilities-in-series problem is formulated, in standard fashion, as a linear program."
"We model this as a decision between whether control rights over a noncontractible decision variable (the choice of some marketing activity) are better held by suppliers (the marketplace mode) or by the intermediary (the reseller mode)."
"$18."
"Specifically, when the action aversion of one division manager is small, the use of a franchise contract leads to “greedy” behaviour by the that division manager."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.1914.This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"In this paper, we examine how employee interplant assignments—short problem-solving jobs at other manufacturing plants within the same firm—influence employee-driven manufacturing innovation."
"At each iteration a feasible solution is known together with a measure of “goodness” of the solution."
"We also find that marketplace lending mitigates credit distress in local economies affected by mergers."
"These findings suggest that financial institutions can benefit from operating an asset-management unit as they create a brand reputation and benefit from spillover effects."
"Management Sci.13(5, January) 307–320.]"
"The theory typically assumes that each project or causally related set of projects is independent."
"Most commodities move from points of production through successive stages of processing or manufacture and further stages of intermediate distribution before reaching points of final purchase."
"The problem is to assign integral values to the elements of a matrix that are proportional to a given input matrix, and such that a set of row- and column-sum requirements are fulfilled."
"Assortment optimization is an important problem that arises in many practical applications such as retailing and online advertising."
"Consumer surplus can also decrease due to the consumer-generated quality information, contrary to the conventional wisdom that word of mouth should help consumers."
"This paper exploits an administrative regulation in Singapore that allows individuals to withdraw between 10% and 30% of their pension savings at age 55."
"Computational experiments demonstrate that the heuristics developed are capable of generating near-optimal solutions."
"Rev. Financial Stud.21(2) 785–818) and illustrates the potential role of media in generating mispricing."
"1966."
"In this paper, we examine two information-based supply-chain efforts that are often linked to Vendor-Managed Inventory (VMI) programs."
"These categories were separated into means objectives and fundamental objectives used to describe the bottom line consequences of concern to customers."
"failure"
"In addition, we develop a simple procedure to compute the critical value that specifies the optimal threshold policy."
"Thus, the advantage obtained through sharing the cost of a market survey may be upset by the loss due to the spreading of information among the competitors."
"The challenge involved is to solve a nonlinear constrained optimization problem that captures the key dynamics of a complex production-inventory system."
"We present a lab-field experiment designed to systematically assess the external validity of social preferences elicited in a variety of experimental games."
"We find that firms with exploitation strategies are undervalued relative to firms with exploration strategies and that this return differential is incremental to standard risk and innovation-based pricing factors examined in the prior literature."
"By constructing a new infinite dimensional space for which the extreme point—linear independence and opposite sign theorems of Charnes and Cooper continue to hold, and, building on a little-known work of Haar (herein presented), an extended dual theorem comparable in precision and exhaustiveness to the finite space theorem is developed."
"Oper."
"It finds that relative scarcity may not always benefit resource sellers."
"The order of discussion is as follows."
"A desire to balance profits across segments then leads a firm to disclose firmwide information (a temptation that cannot be avoided), but only in the aggregate."
"On the other hand, under some conditions forgetfulness can make meting out severe punishments more credible and decrease the ability for players to effectively deviate, facilitating cooperation even in circumstances where cooperation cannot be sustained under perfect recall; that is, members are less likely to deviate if they might forget that revenge is on the way."
"First, optimal testing strategies need to balance the tension between several variables, including the increasing cost of redesign, the cost of a test as function of fidelity, and the correlation between sequential tests."
"In addition, we find that hourly IT workers (e.g., IT contractors) are disproportionately employed in tradable jobs, and their onshore employment is 2%–3% lower in firms with offshore captive centers."
"Although many authors have noted the importance of minimizing workflow interference in facility layout design, traditional layout research tends to focus on minimizing the distance-based transportation cost."
"This paper was accepted by J. Miguel Villas-Boas, marketing."
"In addition, with some specific assumptions about the forms of the revenue and cost functions, the paper also shows that a party’s share of the venture’s residual output in the equilibrium is an increasing function of its productivity and a decreasing function of its opportunity cost."
"In contrast to other models in the real options literature in which benefits are summarized in the underlying asset value, our model for IT acquisition projects represents these benefits as a stream of stochastic cash flows."
"As hypothesized, forgetting was a function of amount learned and elapsed time, with 71 percent of the variance being thereby explained in a regression equation."
"For these situations, we suggest trimming away forecasts with moderate means or cdf values."
"Given the complexity of the blocking problem, our approach offers a simple and efficient alternative to exact analysis."
"The problem is NP-hard in the strong sense and finds many practical applications in the cutting and packing area."
"Drawing on transaction cost economics, I provide a conceptual framework to explain which university inventions are most likely to be licensed, commercialized, and generate royalties, and who will undertake that commercialization."
"Because the unreviewed movies tend to be below average in quality, this practice provides a useful setting in which to test models of limited strategic thinking: Do moviegoers seem to realize that no review is a sign of low quality?"
"Using a simulation of the duopoly case we show that when the industry moves slowly compared to capacity adjustment delays, boundedly rational firms find their way to the equilibria predicted by conventional models."
"To capture the full value of MC, toolkits should also elicit “I designed it myself” feelings."
"Managing Consumer Returns in a Competitive Environment (p. 347)Jeffrey D. Shulman, Anne T. Coughlan, R. Canan SavaskanThe day after Christmas is a nightmare for retailers, as hoards of shoppers descend upon them with merchandise to return."
"Volume spikes when price crosses either the upper or lower limit of the past trading range, then gradually subsides."
"An important managerial question for auction houses is whether and when buy-in penalties can increase revenues of the auction house, seller, or both, and what combinations of commission and buy-in penalty to use."
"Cooperative Behavior Whenthe Stakes Are Large (p. 2)Martijn J. van den Assem, Dennie van Dolder, Richard H. ThalerSplit or steal?"
"The procedure starts by solving the linear program; then performs a sequence of pivots aimed at putting all slacks into the basis at a minimal cost; finally, it attempts to improve the 0-1 solution obtained in this way by a local search based on complementing certain sets of 0-1 variables."
"Until the end of the 20th century it was common that cities organized, financed, and managed their own public transportation systems."
"The paper describes the policies, the elements simulated, the operation of the experiment, and its results."
"Subsequent discussions with G. Kozmetsky of Teledyne, Inc., D. B. Learner of BBDO, Inc., and B. M. Rowles of M&M's Candies, Inc., were also important in helping us to shape the ideas that are presented in this paper."
"In the beginning of the paper, the benefits of this approach are described."
"People view uncertain events as knowable in principle (epistemic uncertainty), as fundamentally random (aleatory uncertainty), or as some mixture of the two."
"Studies in Applied Probability and Management Science."
"Empirically, we show that price sensitivity to variation in idiosyncratic volatility carries significant information about firms’ future investment and growth even after controlling for conventional proxies of growth options such as book-to-market and other relevant firm characteristics."
"In spite of the recognized importance of team creativity for organizational success, the factors that influence it are not well understood."
"Firms in many industries engage in price obfuscation—tactics that intentionally make prices more difficult for consumers to discern."
"Harmondsworth, Middlesex, England: Penguin Books Ltd. (Baltimore, Maryland: Penguin Books Inc.), 1969, 388 pp.,"
"We demonstrate that as the difference between the two market sizes increases, a duopolist is willing to pay less for flexible technology, whereas the decision of a monopolist is not affected."
"Using these demand model estimates, we determine the Markov perfect equilibrium advertising and promotion strategies."
"We examine whether managerial overconfidence impacts the use of performance-pricing provisions in loan contracts (performance-sensitive debt [PSD])."
"failure"
"Oper."
"Moreover, multiple-product firms underperform single-product firms but harvest greater fee revenues, thereby hurting investors while benefitting firm partners."
"Preferences, summation, and social welfare functions."
"H2 The relative advantage of objective over subjective methods increases as the amount of change in the environment increases."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1956."
"This paper describes a simulation model of capital budgeting under uncertainty."
"A variety of combinatorial problems (e.g., in capital budgeting, scheduling, allocation) can be expressed as a linear integer programming problem."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"We study the problem of learning shared structure across a sequence of dynamic pricing experiments for related products."
"We show that less costly consumer search can facilitate firms' abilities to collude, resulting in higher prices and reduced consumer welfare, even with imperfect or no monitoring by sellers of each other's prices."
"These variables are included in the recombination step in a natural way."
"Our key finding is that as long as the store managers are sufficiently more risk averse than the retailer or the demands are very heavy tailed, inventory pooling is less beneficial than centralization."
"The baseline model can be extended to other domains such as modeling variable consumer demand."
"Are the gains or losses symmetric for the larger and smaller partner firms?"
"It also reduces the effective dimension of the problem."
"Using difference-in-differences estimates from a panel of more than 300 factories, we find that lean adoption was associated with a 15 percentage point reduction in noncompliance with labor standards that primarily reflect factory wage and work hour practices."
"For the case of linear price contracts, the value of information sharing to a supply chain becomes negative, and the dominant strategy of each supply chain is not to invest in information sharing regardless of investment costs."
"Guest editorial about organization of TIMS meetings and suggestions for further improvements, including the use of management science methods in planning and organizing the meetings."
"The practice of utility demand side conservation programs, one of the most topical issues of utility management, provokes strategic reactions of consumers."
"This paper introduces a parameter-free method for measuring the weighting functions of prospect theory and rank-dependent utility."
"The remaining filters are calibrated with steady-state means corresponding to simple functions of the minimum and maximum data values, respectively."
"The use of the CAPM in empirical research is subject to some criticism."
"Surprisingly, two particularly naive heuristics also perform quite well in certain situations."
"We find that a variety of contracts resembling financial instruments commonly used in practice, such as common stock, straight and convertible preferred equity, and secured and unsecured debt, can emerge as optimal, depending on two key factors: entrepreneur/investor effort complementarity and investors' opportunity cost of capital."
"In fact, for such queues, a marginal analysis based on this rule will explore the properties of the optimal social policy and lead to a general procedure for deriving the optimal threshold."
"One of the common policy tools is to close certain road links to vehicles carrying hazmats."
"We find that different OTAs offer tickets with substantially different prices and characteristics when given the same customer request."
"Given the positive benefits of clinical pathways, it is important to measure the concordance of patient pathways so that variations in health system performance or bottlenecks in the delivery of care can be detected, monitored, and acted upon."
"1965."
"File and tree construction, the use of linkages between items to form lists, and the executive routine are described."
"Instead, improved information availability may enable firms to reduce their quality in some situations."
"Dramatic differences in mistake rates across traders can help us answer the question."
"Although individual locations within a park pose capacity restrictions, park capacity for visitors is a function also of visitor movement behavior among the locations."
"Additional numerical analyses shed light on the behavior and performance drivers of the various approaches and demonstrate that in our case, the prescriptive approaches are much more robust to variations of exogenous cost parameters than traditional approaches."
"Overall, our experiments offer little evidence that gender composition affects expression of minority views."
"The advantages of statistical measures for grading credit risks in lending to consumers have been widely recognized but relatively little use has been made of such systems."
"If the simulation run length is t units of tune, the bias of the new estimate is of order 1/t2 as opposed to the bias of order 1/t associated with more standard estimates."
"The first is a dynamic programming algorithm for which solution time increases exponentially with the number of time periods, but only linearly with the number of stages, irrespective of assembly structure."
"First, problems with short bids, which were hard for the first generation of specialized algorithms, are easy."
"That is, the price and arrival rate can follow aperiodic orbits, which appear to be completely random."
"These findings help explain why underinvestment in employee relations is prevalent in public firms despite potential long-term benefits from such intangible investment."
"Expressions for the optimal barriers are obtained under a variety of assumptions about the objective function, including one of complete candidate autonomy."
"Financial institutions, government-sponsored enterprises, and asset-backed security investors are often exposed to delinquency and prepayment risk from large numbers of loans."
"We examine this issue empirically by considering the performance of cardiac surgeons, many of whom perform operations at multiple hospitals within narrow periods of time."
"CABOB attempts to capture structure in any instance without making assumptions about the instance distribution."
"Many jobs are connected to a prosocial mission—namely, to a social purpose beyond profit maximization."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"Static allocation models yield information concerning the proportions of the warranty population for which the vendors should be responsible overall."
"Each part must be processed at every workstation in the workcell."
"Forecasters were randomly assigned to either prediction markets (continuous double auction markets) in which they were ranked based on earnings, or prediction polls in which they submitted probability judgments, independently or in teams, and were ranked based on Brier scores."
"This paper examines how these two types of prominence interact in determining the click-through rate (CTR) of these ads."
"For a maintenance cost c·z (where z is the number of states by which the system is improved) and a convex one-period operating cost L(·) a class of transition matrices is found which lead to simple maintenance policies."
"Short-run price variation could efficiently allocate resources at these critical times but only if consumers exhibit short-run demand elasticity."
"Clearance pricing and end of season inventory management are challenging and important problems in retailing."
"Compound option valuation formulae give rise to the summation of a series of multinormal distribution functions."
"Looking across the performance distribution, we find that for undergraduates, three-women teams are outperformed throughout, but by as much as 0.47 of a standard deviation of the mean at the bottom and by only 0.09 at the top."
"Industrial lotsizing and scheduling pose very difficult analytical problems."
"In this paper, it is shown that the “caterer” problem, a problem in mathematical economics and logistics which has been discussed by Jacobs, Gaddum, Hoffman and Sokolowsky, and Prager, can be reduced to the problem of determining the maximum of the linear form, subject to a series of “triangular” constraints in the form of inequalities, under an assumption concerning the non-accumulation of dirty laundry."
"Moreover, this behavior increases when requests and bonuses are allowed."
"We also find that in two-firm markets, price competition is even more intense than in five-firm markets."
"The authors examine the CPDO as a case study in model risk in the rating of complex structured products."
"First, we examine the case where capacity is infinite."
"50 Kr. ("
"However, four should be mentioned which are of particular importance in this search for a more systematic method for discovering, evaluating, and selecting investment opportunities."
"Our model suggests that more WOM in this context should always lead to higher-quality products."
"The goal of the analysis is to characterize the optimal operating policy for the bottleneck so that the average operating cost is minimized."
"are removed."
"We also find that the change in usage was (weakly) monotonically increasing up to the 90th percentile of usage distribution."
"Transportation methods of linear programming can be used to solve large nonlinear, multiple-processor problems, provided the processing times for the jobs are equal."
"This delay, however, may increase (respectively, decrease) the degree of information asymmetry between the two firms, resulting in a higher (respectively, lower) cost of screening."
"Management Sci.11 (4) B-69–B-87."
"Under assumptions on patient punctuality, we prove that the optimal scheduling strategy minimizes a multimodular function, a property which guarantees that a locally optimal schedule is also globally optimal."
"The barycenter in this case can be interpreted as the model that maximizes the probability that different decision makers will agree on, which could be useful for designing and pricing a catastrophe bond."
"We then specify correct optimal contract structures, which involve generalizing the contract space to allow random termination."
"This paper also suggests counter-strategies for responding to government restrictions on firms' entry."
"But what value is the claim if the shopper has the onus of proving the claim wrong?"
"In this paper, we first develop a multistage inventory-queue model and a job-queue decomposition approach that evaluates the performance of serial manufacturing and supply systems with inventory control at every stage."
"The research reported here (1) provides a confirmatory, empirical test of the revised TAM and (2) introduces and objective measure of technology acceptance, actual usage rather than self-report usage."
"We are thus able to provide a theoretical explanation for the observed price patterns for the handset and phonecalls."
"We show that the use of approximate single-item prices with endogenous bidding always produces allocations that are at least as efficient as those from bidding with a fixed set of packages based on package pricing."
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"Furthermore, some SOHO owners are found to have a preference for a future (expected) generation (over a currently available one), which is explained via their business dispositions (i.e., technology orientation, result orientation, search orientation) toward accepting technological incertitude."
"This paper was accepted by Karl Diether, finance."
"failure"
"Particular attention is given to the dynamic reallocation of resources over the duration of projects as information about actual activity times becomes known."
"First, we propose an intuitive fairness scheme for crew rostering and analyze its theoretical performance."
"Our method, called the midweight method, is based on a convenient way to obtain midpoints in the weighting function scale."
"1957) Issue 2, pp."
"This paper shows that it is still possible to improve such a procedure."
"One could think of this setting as an oligopoly racing market."
"To capture both perspectives, a product is described by a vector of performance attributes, and the population of produced units is assumed to display a distribution on these attributes."
"We prove that with the introduction of telemedicine, the specialists become more productive and the overall social welfare increases, although some patients, unexpectedly, will be worse off."
"It is shown to be an intractably large version of an NP-hard problem."
"The basic ingredients of our approach are the Lagrangian relaxation of a time-indexed integer programming formulation and relaxation-based list scheduling, enriched with a useful idea from recent approximation algorithms for machine scheduling problems."
"We consider a project supply chain where a manufacturer carries out a sequence of tasks, and each task requires certain key materials from a supplier."
"A form of the Farkas lemma stated by Haar appears to apply to such programs and leads to a duality theorem."
"However, there will be a shortage of engineers holding advanced degrees for entry into research and development, even if R&D sees only a moderate growth."
"Our analysis shows that teams formed by three women are significantly outperformed by all other gender combinations, both at the undergraduate and MBA levels."
"failure"
"A new method for solving the corrugator trim problem is presented."
"Since the Civil Rights Act of 1964, affirmative action has been used to compensate for the distortion that discrimination imposes on the selection of candidates."
"Furthermore, our results should alleviate many of the concerns regarding the value of quality award systems."
"The results indicate that a firm's pass-through elasticity systematically depends on whether the firm operates in a commodity or noncommodity industry, the firm's capacity utilization, and its cost and quality position in its industry."
"The value of this heuristic was demonstrated to the satisfaction of city officials using a discrete simulation model of a large midwestern city."
"Price-matching guarantees involve a retailer matching the lower price of a competitor for an identical product."
"Our results underscore the importance of strategic information management—actively managing the supply chain's information flows, and making trade-offs with material flows where appropriate, to maximize profits."
"To mitigate such behavior, many service providers have turned to opaque intermediaries, such as Hotwire.com, that hide many descriptive attributes of the service (e.g., departure times for airline tickets) so that the buyer cannot fully predict the ultimate service provider."
"In this paper, we investigate the efficacy of price and/or budget planning approaches, where the first proposal can be determined from a combination of historical plans, external prices, rules of thumb, and other data."
"This optimization is done subject to some dynamics that define how these variables translate into sales and in turn, into profits."
"They suggest that each subproject be replaced by a set of fictitious activities (in series or in parallel) and that a subsequent analysis be performed using network flow theory."
"We consider the problem of optimally ranking a set of results shown in response to a query."
"This approach allows computation of the probability that any particular customer is still active."
"The decision of the leader is taken when market demand is uncertain."
"We show that CDS protection increases the firm’s pledgable income: that is, the maximum amount of debt it can raise."
"This article describes the model construction process as well as the findings and their implications."
"The sum of type (i) and (ii) are “direct” costs; while (iii) is an “indirect” cost."
"Costs are associated with the sequence of states and decisions."
"The insight for management: Friendships in P2P markets are a good indicator of credit quality; more friends means lower probability of default."
"Style goods have one selling season per year."
"This paper examines the role of cost application in the presence of delay and agency costs."
"There are two parallel competitions, one involving undergraduates and the other involving MBA students."
"The insight for management: Affirmative action helps more than it hurts; if employers choose the best candidate from a pool, affirmative action can boost the talent in the pool by encouraging broader participation."
"Our calibrated benchmark model with modest risk aversion can match moments of the variance risk premium in the data and reconcile empirical relations between the risk-neutral variance and macroeconomic quantities and their respective volatilities."
"New York: Macmillan Co., 1967, 713 pp.,"
"These analyses show that substantial smoothing benefits result from small changes in the length of the planning window."
"For these latter cases a simple criterion of vector selection is presented."
"Backward induction is a widely accepted principle for predicting behavior in sequential games."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"We consider a weighted proportional allocation rule and characterize the Nash equilibrium of the resultant ordering game among the store managers."
"In addition to avoiding the optimality assumption, the method is nonparametric, so there is no need for the common normality assumption."
"Random coefficients choice models are seeing widespread adoption in marketing research, partly because of their ability to generate household-level parameter estimates with limited data."
"We find that this transfer of risk can lead to higher electric vehicle adoption than in a conventional system, but it also encourages more driving than a conventional system does."
"Analyzing time series data for evidence of changes in market conditions is a problem central to development of a marketing information system."
"Each task must be assigned to one agent, but each agent is limited only by the amount of a resource, e.g., time, available to him and the fact that the amount of resource required by a task depends on both the task and the agent performing it.)"
"As a solution of this moral hazard, optimal conservation programs are characterized when the consumers differ either with respect to their subjective time preference or with respect to the level of demand."
"Overall, this suggests the presence of both price dispersion and product differentiation in the online travel market."
"Half a dozen test cases are used to illustrate and test these ideas (theory)."
"This paper examines a two-level distribution system consisting of a central warehouse (CW) supplying several branch warehouses (BW's), which, in turn, supply normally-distributed customer demands in a periodic-review environment."
"The model is consistent with known properties of subjective probabilities, such as binary complementarity, subadditivity, and partition dependence, and has several additional properties related to IA."
"Programming of economic lot sizes."
"This article is a first attempt at an analysis of one such area—the number of items stocked by a retailer and its relation to his sales, his costs, and his profits."
"We believe this to be the first field evidence of the sunk cost fallacy in usage of a major durable good."
"The nature of technological opportunities, and of organisation for their exploitation, also varies with firm size."
"Nervousness can be particularly disruptive in multi-level production processes where a change in order size or timing at one level can result in changes at other levels."
"We investigate procurement in a setting in which the buyer is bound by sourcing rules."
"Discrete Appl."
"These findings are concentrated in innovative investments and are nonexistent in dual-class firms."
"This paper derives conditions for the emergence of such behavior in equilibrium among the customers themselves, i.e., when the queue manager is not involved in granting priorities and the customers have to use community enforcement to sustain such equilibria."
"The “pull” promotion from consumer rebates encourages more timely retail sales and in doing so undercuts (but does not eliminate) the retailer's strategic inventories."
"Our approach offers several unique features that are missing in commercial workflow management systems: (1) it provides more flexibility in process modeling and control; (2) it permits rework on an ad hoc basis; (3) it handles exceptions to routing and operational controls; and (4) it exploits parallelism to increase system throughput and response time."
"That is, if the initial stock is greater than this critical point, the optimal planned production is zero; otherwise, it is greater than zero."
"We consider the problem of simultaneously allocating servers and demands in a service system with independent multiple facilities."
"It is here argued that one of these axioms is unsatisfactory."
"Two important and interrelated issues are: (a) how to decide which skill(s) are strategically most desirable for workers to gain, and (b) how to coordinate these workers to respond dynamically to congestion."
"What might be a major improvement over existing management games, here named the “game case,” is then suggested."
"The buyer may choose a supplier in a pivotal position to help ascertain the viability of a portion of the network (“litmus test”)."
"Many firms now choose to set customer expectation by announcing their maximal delivery time."
"The implementation also involves a specialized preprocessor, a heuristic, separation procedures, and an enumeration scheme."
"Given that assumption, we predict how firms should evaluate marketing."
"We find that individuals who generate a business idea form biased evaluations of the economic potential of ideas, be it their own idea or somebody else’s idea."
"Each bid is accepted or rejected when received; a bid rejected now cannot be accepted later on."
"This new production technology has been designed to attain the efficiency of well-balanced, machine-paced transfer lines, while utilizing the flexibility that job shops have to simultaneously machine multiple part types."
"Algorithms for computing the critical numbers are described."
"That is, traders are prone to the behavioral anomalies predicted by behavioral finance."
"Books Received"
"While the term “operational research” has not, as far as I know, a very precise meaning, we may nevertheless characterize it by: (1) treating complicated problems with a large number of variables; (2) using various modern mathematical and logistic methods; and (3) being directed toward a goal of action."
"We also link the involvement of customer investors during crowdfunding to the crowdsourcing literature and show that its positive effect is augmented by the elicitation of external information through distant search."
"It is no wonder that the procedures which he cites as precursors to his proposal are ad hoc and, shall we say, “flexible.”"
"Moreover, the price premium for a lucky address is significantly higher for apartments of larger size or on top floors."
"In this paper, we study the impact of such interventions in the capital of a developing country, Santiago, Chile, that exhibits large socioeconomic inequality."
"This paper presents a set of ideas, concepts, models, and procedures appropriate to information manufacturing systems that can be used to determine the quality of information products delivered, or transferred, to information customers."
"To capture the dynamics of idiosyncratic volatility of stock returns over different horizons and investigate the relationship between idiosyncratic volatility and expected stock returns, this paper develops and estimates a parsimonious model of idiosyncratic volatility consisting of a short-run and a long-run component."
"In this paper we show that even a very restricted version of the original problem becomes NP-hard."
"It can be used, however, to obtain a group preference structure from individual preference structures."
"Simulation experiments were conducted to investigate the proposition that formal organizational structure will affect agency performance."
"Following this, we empirically investigate this contradictory tension by using a simultaneous equation model (SEM) on a large sample of firms between 1981 and 1989."
"Introduction to Operations Research."
"The most general model of interest, called the dynamic model, represents the evacuation of a building as it evolves over time, where time is represented discretely by consecutive time periods."
"Simulation outputs give each foreman the priority of jobs currently in his section and those jobs which might be coming through his area during the next work period."
"Section III contains a full description of the location problem we consider."
"Competitive-advantage-based theoretical mechanisms predict that a firm's profits will increase when it creates superior economic value that direct and indirect competitors cannot fully compete away."
"J. Math."
"The authors use an experimental supply chain setting where the buyer has better information on customer behavior than the supplier."
"The process is often implicit and nonscientific (e.g., only the decisionmaker's three favorite alternatives are considered).This paper suggests that policy analysis studies explicitly include a screening step, in which the alternatives to be examined in detail and those to be excluded from further consideration are chosen in a scientific and systematic manner."
"This paper suggests that the notion of information overload can apply also to purely mechanical processes."
"A minimum cost plan is an extreme point of one of these sets."
"The DF-PIA gap is increasing in the random error that people make while incorporating public information (data that the algorithm uses) but is decreasing in the random error that people make while incorporating private information (data that only the human can use)."
"Not only do these policies appear to differ across firms, they also appear to vary over time for the same firm."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"This paper was accepted by Brad Barber, Teck Ho, and Terrance Odean, special issue editors."
"The corresponding pricing strategy to steer the quality information flow is not always intuitive."
"In summary, the Russian factory system is shown to exhibit similar characteristics."
"Generally, type I error is set at 5 per cent (alpha per cent) and type II error is almost ignored."
"This curse may be a factor in creating skepticism in decision makers who review the results of an analysis."
"In a previous paper (Management Science, December 1981) Hausch, Ziemba and Rubinstein (HZR) developed a system that demonstrated the existence of a weak market inefficiency in racetrack place and show betting pools."
"We show that our min–max appointment scheduling models, which minimize the worst-case expected waiting and overtime costs out of all probability distributions with the given marginal moments, can be exactly formulated as tractable conic programs."
"A self-financing portfolio is a set of long and short investments such that the sum of their investment weights, or net investment, is zero."
"The ISA staffing and performance agree closely with the modified-offered-load approximation, which was previously shown to be an effective staffing algorithm without customer abandonment."
"We present a model-based framework to manage the overlapping of coupled product development activities."
"We propose two pairs of sequential policies for making static decisions—on pricing and revenue management—that differ in their degree of integration (hierarchical versus coordinated) and their pricing inputs (deterministic versus stochastic)."
"Specifically, we consider a manufacturer who has three options for collecting such products: (1) she can collect them herself directly from the customers, (2) she can provide suitable incentives to an existing retailer (who already has a distribution channel) to induce the collection, or (3) she can subcontract the collection activity to a third party."
"Experiments against the fastest prior algorithm, CPLEX 8.0, show that CABOB is often faster, seldom drastically slower, and in many cases drastically faster—especially in cases with structure."
"The purpose of this exploratory research is to show how different types of projects are managed in different ways, and to explore the domain of traditional contingency theory in the more modern world of projects."
"Oper."
"In addition, these retrieval methods can be extended to retrieve additional information about the total system, where required, including the development of usefully precise single value estimates of the critical information quantities of the total system."
"The authors investigate how market competition contributes to the expression of overconfidence among those competing for influence."
"Conflict arises in decision making when the choice alternatives present strong advantages and disadvantages over one another, that is, when the trade–offs involved are large."
"To appear.], ["
"The study used two computer methods for generating autocorrelated random sequences, with different autocorrelation characteristics."
"Most discussions in the literature are restricted to only two components, and even in this case no algorithm is given for setting prices."
"This externality across buyers raises the possibility that there may be too little exploration from the platform’s perspective."
"This paper was accepted by Teck-Hua Ho, decision analysis."
"Comparison of computer algorithms and visual based methods for plant layout."
"The change in profit is economically meaningful because eliminating both price negotiation (i.e., moving to fixed pricing) and the quota results in an up to 36% reduction in profit."
"Many organizations use budgets and/or transfer prices to set coordinated plans."
"Risk and information sources were also controlled in the summary by using two levels of risk, defined by the spread of the return on investment (ROI) projections, and by using personal judgements or a computer-based model to provide the ROI estimates."
"The results provide new insights into our understanding of value distribution in vertical relationships across different contexts and over time."
"Second, by facilitating resale, the firm can mimic dynamic pricing outcomes and enjoy the associated benefits while charging a fixed price."
"The digitization of news markets has created a key role for online referring channels."
"Finally, in the quasilocal scenario, each stage knows its local information, plus the actual customer demands."
"In the P2P case, rides are initiated by drivers only when the drivers need to fulfill their own transportation requirements."
"A multi-period single commodity production planning problem is studied in which known requirements have to be satisfied."
"The authors find that, when there is a relatively weak positive externality, outcome-based contracts are preferred, but, when the externality is strong, effort-based contracts are better."
"Our numerical analysis indicates that the exploration of a new, incompatible technology is more likely to increase the chance of firm growth when there are a substantial number of power users or when a new technology is introduced before an established technology takes off."
"In the context of matching markets, they eliminate agents’ incentives to misrepresent their preferences."
"Using novel data on European firms, this paper investigates the relationship between business groups and innovation."
"In this paper, we investigate the availability contingency strategy from the perspectives of both the retailers and the customers."
"This gives a power-of-two heuristic with a worst case performance no more than 2% above optimal."
"The basic idea is that given discrete approximations that accurately represent the moments of assessed “input” distributions, we may easily and accurately compute the moments of the “output” distribution or value lotteries."
"Four dimensions of national culture differences have been found."
"Management Sci.4 (2, January).)"
"Mathematical methods have been developed for treating variants of this problem, and the purpose of this paper is to present an outline of methods appropriate to problems which share a certain common mathematical form."
"Book Reviews—Charnes, A. and Cooper, W. W. Management models and industrial applications of linear programming, Two Volumes."
"We consider the use of an auxiliary data set, such as the U.S. census, to construct models that predict the protected class from proxy variables, such as surname and geolocation."
"This study investigates the impact of these requirements on estimation effectiveness."
"Computation of an optimal plan under various assumed conditions should provide (1) the best policy for the expected future and (2) those changes in policy which ought to follow from changed conditions."
"Recent research has demonstrated that choices between gambles are systematically influenced by the way they are expressed."
"We examine the problem of scheduling a given set of jobs on a single machine to minimize total early and tardy costs."
"The risk-neutral drifts in the resulting model possess a recursive representation that facilitates implementation and makes it possible to handle path-dependence and early exercise features without difficulty."
"The proposed method has been applied to the 111 series used in the M-Competition."
"2) If, on the other hand, sufficiently large random shocks are possible, firms over time repeatedly change their strategies, switching focus from one segment to another. ("
"The model can interact with other models (for example, harvesting and irrigation models) in order to analyze the sensitivity of these models to rainfall incidence, rainfall severity and duration."
"We develop a biform game that incorporates this tension and show how the use of three generic scope strategies—specialist, generalist, and hybrid—depends on organizational tradeoffs, client-specific scope economies, barriers to entry, heterogeneity in buyer task requirements, and the bargaining power of suppliers relative to buyers."
"In addition, EPVI and EVSI are both negative."
"Editorial."
"We find that group affiliation is particularly important for innovation in industries that rely more on external funding and in groups with more diversified capital sources, consistent with the internal capital markets hypothesis."
"These results reinterpret and extend the existing analysis of a system with two sources having deterministic lead times."
"With an AVM system, it appears that manpower can be reduced in a changeover while reducing the average travel times for both the first- and second-arriving officers."
"Another important corollary of the planning horizon results is that the optimal number of machine replacements cannot decrease as the length of the horizon (planning period) increases."
"Some of the more recent theoretical and computational developments in non-linear programming are surveyed."
"inventory costs is analyzed."
"Though most research assumes that contracting choices are independent of each other, contracting complementarity arises when the returns to a single vertical integration decision are increasing in the level of vertical integration associated with other contracting choices."
"Yet most revenue management methodologies ignore this phenomenon—or at best approximate it in a heuristic way."
"Third, we discuss how changing the granularity of feedback information affects its value to solvers."
"They can also be used to evaluate the relative costs of spending on R&D between countries."
"Moreover, this insight is usually preserved even if the central planner is uncertain about the specific market conditions."
"This paper was accepted by Sandra Slaughter, information systems."
"It is now well understood that social media plays an increasingly important role in consumers’ decision making."
"Yet, by committing to bidding less aggressively, such as by engaging in proxy bidding, loss-averse bidders are better off under CPE than UPE.This paper was accepted by Ilia Tsetlin, decision analysis."
"Dantzig, G. B. 1951."
"The business firm is not merely “facts”, modified by logic, engineering, and intuition forming communication networks among rational individuals with perdictable reactions."
"However, marketing is abundant with examples where two brands may have approximately the same attribute values but enjoy very different market shares, e.g., Coke and Pepsi may have the same values for “sweetness,” “carbonation,” “calories” and “price” but have quite different market shares; two political candidates may take approximately the same position on relevant political issues but enjoy different levels of voter support."
"Under certain circumstances it can be demonstrated that a continuous u(·) over Ỹ exists, and that considerable variations in u(·) may be compatible with the specified preference structures, although in special circumstances u(·) is unique over Ỹ."
"The clustering effect is concentrated on reductions in minor/potential harm violations, which are difficult to observe without close monitoring."
"This delay, however, may increase the degree of information asymmetry between the two firms, resulting in a higher cost of screening."
"Debt financing increases incentives to exit, which, although costly for the firm, is socially beneficial."
"The first study elicited relative preference for immediate and delayed consumption using three methods, each of which differently framed choices between alternatives offering identical end-state consumption."
"Failure and Rescue in an Interbank Network (p. 882)L. C. G. Rogers, L. A. M. VeraartHow do interbank obligations affect the fragility of our financial system?"
"This paper uses a natural field experiment to connect corporate social responsibility (CSR) to an important but often neglected behavior: employee misconduct and shirking."
"However, as soon as the server becomes idle he leaves for a “vacation.”"
"In many industries, the producers of higher-quality products offer a smaller assortment of flavors, colors, sizes, patterns, textures, fragrances, tones, styles, models, designs, types or other options."
"Assuming that each individual server will be responsible for demand in a certain territory on a first come first served basis, formulas are determined for estimating the appropriate area per person."
"The results suggest new ways of performing the PERT analysis."
"We use laboratory experiments to explore merger failure due to conflicting organizational cultures."
"We observe that decision makers, among them advertisers, rely on estimated relationships in reaching resource allocation decisions, and we investigate the normative implications of this process."
"This paper develops and analyzes a principal-agent model for product specification and production motivated by “core buying” decisions at an automobile manufacturer."
"The authors propose that potentially influential “fence sitters” can be affected by strong ties to change agents."
"Those whose experiments prove to be more consistent with economic theory are rewarded for their superior information with survival."
"We find support for the hypothesis that technical progress rather than an improvement in relative efficiency was the reason for this productivity growth."
"The theme of this special issue is the generalizability of management science."
"In this paper, we examine the presence of price dispersion and product differentiation using data on the airline ticket offerings of online travel agents (OTAs)."
"This paper was accepted by Manel Baucells, decision analysis."
"The interaction of these components determine the future state of the disease."
"1965."
"The results are robust to specifying sunk costs as relative to buyer income and estimation with Hong Kong data."
"This paper investigates how the introduction of low-cost index funds affects fund company strategies."
"We perform empirical tests of two hypotheses for the motivations of hedge fund style-shifting, namely backward-looking and forward-looking hypotheses."
"58–86 by Harlan D. Mills."
"Then, we provide an exact analysis of the operating measures of such systems."
"$9;—Beshers, James M., ed.,"
"Two sets of first-order solutions are examined: (1) those involving total expenditures, operating income, and the endowment payout rate; and (2) those involving tradeoffs between the net budget increase factor and tuition."
"By approximating the value function with an appropriately chosen interpolation function, the pricing of an American-style derivative with arbitrary payoff function is converted to the pricing of a portfolio of European call options, leading to analytical expressions for those cases where analytical European call prices are available (e.g., the Merton jump-diffusion process)."
"The results also indicate that the key channels through which university research impacts industrial R&D include published papers and reports, public conferences and meetings, informal information exchange, and consulting."
"These results apply whether the seller has market power or is subject to competition."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"Theoretical arguments are proposed to suggest why hybrid entrants are distinct from self-employment entrants, and why hybrid entry may facilitate subsequent entry into full self-employment."
"Despite the extensive study of the economic effects of input pricing regulations, the literature is bereft of an examination of the role of accounting information."
"Remarks on graduate education in management sciences reflecting opinions at the Carnegie-Mellon University."
"This further implies that results obtained by using mean and variance of return are specific to the data and period examined and are not necessarily generalizable."
"Managers also made judgments of the overall effectiveness of these organizations."
"Results are obtained for both the standard decision analysis “preference indifference” question format and for a “revealed preference” format in which the consumer is asked simply to choose between two risky alternatives."
"This argument is tested using data from manufacturing firms in the electrical and electronics machinery sector who invest in R&D, and our results hold for our focal firm's agreements with both domestic and foreign partners."
"R. L. Graves, P. Wolfe, eds."
"We investigate how control rights, options, payment terms, and timing allow the innovator to capture maximum value from its R&D collaborations with a marketer."
"In a simple principal–agent experiment, agents produce revenue by working on a tedious task."
"The new styles that hedge funds shift to on average outperform their old styles by 0.76% and style-shifting funds on average outperform their new style benchmark by 1.10% over the subsequent 12-month horizon."
"This paper was accepted by Teck Ho, operations management."
"We find that only automation technology leads to the short-term price elasticity needed to justify real-time pricing."
"Estimating the Operational Impact of Container Inspections at International Ports (p. 1)Nitin Bakshi, Stephen E. Flynn, Noah GansHow does terrorism affect international trade?"
"It demonstrates that under certain conditions the intuitively optimal mode of centralization becomes less than optimal, and decentralization is the rational and consistent mode."
"1962."
"A pseudo order refers to a tentative customer order whose attributes, such as the likelihood of an actual order, order quantity, and confirmation timing, can change dynamically over time."
"For instance, in the routing and scheduling of cargo ships, the routing structure is “easy” because the ports to be visited are usually located along a shoreline."
"Thus, higher reliability need not be a substitute for better information."
"This paper was accepted by Renee Adams, finance."
"The dynamic model triply optimizes in the sense that while directly minimizing the average over the occupants of the number of periods each needs to exit the building, it simultaneously maximizes the total number of people evacuating the building during periods 1 through p for all values of p, and also minimizes the time period in which the last evacuee exits the building."
"Second, it presents a theory of product concept development that can improve understanding of success and failure in product concept development."
"Using an analytical model of abatement, we show how aversion to model uncertainty influences the optimal level of mitigation."
"Our model compares two post-trade fee structures for allocating these costs."
"In this case Tobin has shown that the investment proportions in the risky assets are independent of the utility function and Lintner has shown that these proportions may be obtained from the solution of a fractional program."
"The auction terminates with an outcome of a modified Vickrey-Clarke-Groves mechanism."
"In this paper, we study the relationship between the firm’s production and marketing decisions for a durable goods manufacturer."
"Overall, the CMH found solutions that averaged 18% better than time constrained OSL runs in a small fraction of the corresponding CPU times."
"Our formulation includes several business rules as constraints."
"The authors develop a technique that sites can use to learn the profile as quickly as possible."
"In a single-period setting, only moderately altruistic leaders use praise as a motivation tool, whereas only moderately spiteful leaders use social punishment."
"Expressions for solving the critical point and the optimal planned production are obtained."
"The service speed chosen by the service provider affects the quality of the service through its customer intensity."
"As industry knowledge has tacit elements, we focus on mechanisms that enable experienced workers from the pioneer to seed the knowledge to new entrants."
"Cambridge, Mass.: The M. I. T. Press, 1968, 154 pp.,"
"We build a model to analyze the tradeoff between more adoption and more diffusion and implement the best-performing message design in a production system with millions of shared messages per year (with a projected increase in net profits of more than US$1 million per year)."
"The analysis helps us understand discounting patterns in markets where store brands, weak national brands, or newly introduced national brands compete against strong, well known, national brands."
"1967."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"An alternative formulation of this postulate—which is probably more heuristic—is that different degrees of hierarchical organization have different consequences for total and partial social systems."
"Compensation not only provides incentives to an existing manager but also affects the type of manager attracted to the firm."
"Solution of partial differential and integral equations."
"We use statistical methods to test the direction and significance of the relationship between the various means of pollution reduction and profitability."
"Drawing on a broad range of the literature from multiple disciplines such as information systems, industrial organization, and political sciences, we present several theoretical mechanisms that explain the impact of IT on government expenditures."
"Additionally, a short-sale prohibition increases market depth."
"Several applications, including an asset pricing example and a numerical multi-item newsvendor example, illustrate the relevance of the proposed approach."
"In general, the interaction among uncertainty, demand and/or cost dynamics, and firm's discount rate."
"Novel empirical implications are identified."
"Career Choices and Earnings Trajectories of Scientists (p. 950)Rajshree Agarwal, Atsushi OhyamaThey say, “Different strokes for different folks,” but what factors drive career choices and earnings trajectories?"
"How can a manager select “best” alternatives in an environment of future uncertainty of how the alternatives will perform?"
"Management Sci."
"We use this model as a benchmark against which we compare more realistic models that consider periodic pricing reviews."
"Several studies this past decade have examined differences between holistic and decomposed approaches to determining weights in additive utility models."
"Crowd wisdom relies on the aggregation of independent judgments."
"It identifies different patterns of innovation associated with four types of firms, which is categorized by two variables: the source of initiation and the local availability of related foreign products."
"Utilities can then be rewarded based upon whether or not they exceed Q̂*, rather than on the basis of how many standards are met."
"The insight for management: The one-switch property, when appropriate, can simplify the assessment of multiattribute utility."
"The authors propose a numerical procedure that combines the abstract idea of artificial, unconstrained complete markets, well-known closed-form solutions in affine or quadratic return models, straightforward Monte Carlo simulation, and a standard iterative optimization routine."
"shows that a periodic critical-number policy is optimal and presents an algorithm for computing the critical numbers, assuming discounted costs."
"A fundamental observation is that a conveyor is part of a dynamic system, hence information on the connected areas is essential to its smooth operation."
"However, so do the more traditional systems used in the United States."
"The policy, which we term the dynamic cycle lengths heuristic, integrates feedback control based on the monitoring of inventory levels with the maintenance of economic production cycles."
"For each demand class, there exists a work storage level at or below which it is optimal to start rejecting the demand of this class in anticipation of future arrival of higher-priority demands."
"Management Sci. ("
"We hope to encourage others to present similar segments of longitudinal studies which, we feel, will help people seriously engaged in this field to develop theories based on clinically-gathered data and which will, therefore, be closer to the truth of what really happens under certain conditions in which certain human beings have an impact on large-scale organizations and vice versa."
"We explore whether meta-predictions can also be used to improve forecasts by identifying and leveraging the expertise of forecasters."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1961."
"Why firms may opt to decentralize procurement has been often studied and confirmed to be a multifaceted choice."
"However, the client-IS relationships may take on a variety of forms, including both hierarchical and lateral settings."
"The Case of Mad Money (p. 351)Joseph Engelberg, Caroline Sasseville, Jared WilliamsIs there market madness for Mad Money?"
"The shortfall is the order-up-to level minus the inventory position."
"The forward-looking risk premiums are estimated monthly over the sample period of 2001–2010, and all are found to be positive."
"A joint university-industry research project was begun in 1975 to better understand the problem."
"The data come from a membership-based direct marketing company where the times of each customer joining the membership and terminating it are known once these events happen."
"This paper examines one such application, in which flow control managers in the U.S. air traffic system depend on forecasts of aircraft departure times to predict and alleviate potential congestion."
"The models developed in this paper seek to open up the ‘black-box’ of learning."
"They find that patent citations reflect the codified knowledge flows from public research, but they appear to miss knowledge flows that are more private and contract based in nature, as well as those used in firm basic research."
"Using data on the life histories of all 134 firms founded to exploit MIT-assigned inventions during the 1980-1996 period, the study analyzes how resource endowments affect the likelihood of three critical outcomes: that new ventures attract venture capital financing, experience initial public offerings, and fail."
"First, the optimal compensation is increasing but concave in output value if the manager is more risk averse than a log-utility manager."
"Econometrica23 (1, January) 46–66.]"
"The problem of this paper is that of scheduling several one-stage tasks on several processors, which are capable of handling the tasks with varying degrees of efficiency, to minimize the total loss, which is a sum of losses associated with the individual tasks."
"Results indicate that reasonably simple decision heuristics can perform well in a natural and very difficult decision-making context."
"As a result, at the extreme, an informational monopoly will offer only a single product."
"Whenever organizations use rank-order relative-performance evaluation, people receive feedback about their rank."
"We find a consistent linear decline in financial literacy score after age 60."
"We first show that the supplier has two dominant commitment strategies: committing to the forecast or committing to the production quantity."
"But I also show in the same setting that TATT and optimal formal controls can be substitutes."
"Consequently, each manufacturer has an incentive to keep a higher stock of its own brand, not only to satisfy the demand from its customers, but also the spillover demand that arises if a competing brand goes out of stock."
"Using a unique data set, we find that Catholic nonprofit hospitals follow a strategy of horizontal diversification and maximization of the number of patients treated."
"We study the behavior of strategic customers in an open-routing service network with multiple stations."
"Consequently, it is an open question whether customer dissatisfaction follows a learning-curve pattern."
"1965."
"This paper reports the findings of the study of maintenance policies for the IBM 1620 system installed at the university's computing center."
"Computational results have been encouraging."
"Our results are robust when the model is generalized along various dimensions."
"Using a large data set of firm-years from 2001–2008, we find (a) a positive relationship exists between a focal firm’s IT investment and that of its interlocked firms; (b) this positive relationship is amplified by the interlocked firms’ IT capability but only if the focal firm has an active board, which devotes time to allow sufficient communication among directors; and (c) the component of the focal firm’s IT investment that is attributable to board interlock influence is positively related to the firm’s performance but only if the firm has an active board."
"Moreover, when hedge funds do buy and sell the same stocks, their demand shocks are, on average, positively related to subsequent raw and risk-adjusted returns."
"Using our algorithm, we quickly solve diverse instances of the CDOS problem, generating managerial insights into the effects of temporary operators and service-level constraints."
"Under an alternate assumption of the payoff function, we analyze Lee's dynamic game model of R&D rivalry."
"Princeton, New Jersey: D. Van Nostrand and Company, January 1962, 478 pp.,"
"Several new economic insights on the role and effectiveness of bundling are presented."
"The extensive use of information technologies by organizations to collect and share personal data has raised strong privacy concerns."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2663.This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"The solution to the time/cost problem is achieved by locating a minimal cut in a flow network derived from the original project network."
"Also, lead times increase because of congestion effects, resulting in higher safety stocks for make-to-stock items and lower service levels for make-to-order items, thus leading to a complex trade-off."
"Finally, we give outcomes for larger problems that are considerably more challenging than any currently reported in the literature."
"Our findings are most consistent with a beneficent effect of weak governance on CEO dismissal decisions, suggesting that insulation from shareholder pressure may allow for better long-term decision making."
"The price of the market volatility is negative."
"The reason for moving to this organization is that dealing with teams of limited size allows a much better workforce management than the situation usually encountered in large call centers."
"Reactor performance is analyzed at a component level and explicitly considers the dependence of component performances based on one technical approach on the respective component performances of alternative approaches."
"If the author's name were not on the cover, would the book be as well received?"
"The Institute of Management Sciences (TIMS) was formally organized on December 1, 1953."
"This can be done by harnessing the learning ability of men in organizations."
"This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"They have developed courses covering all phases of mathematical programming, statistics, and stochastic processes."
"This paper considers the problem of evaluating the solution quality of multi-criteria heuristics."
"Moreover, when the customer experience unfolds according to a nonstationary process with serial correlation, the effort at each step is determined by an impact zone defined by the steps surrounding the focal service step."
"A proposed Bayesian estimation approach, based on recent advances in reversible-jump Markov chain Monte Carlo methods, can estimate parameters for the attribute-based finite mixture model, assuming that the number of components for each finite mixture is a discrete random variable."
"Analytic results involving the optimum return and strategy functions of an inventory allocation problem are presented."
"When these characteristics were subjected to factor analysis, four main factors emerged."
"Consider an inventory system with multiple supply sources and Poisson demand."
"This article presents a decision rule model for the establishment of a lock-box."
"Randomized control trials are increasingly used to test dynamic pricing and technologies that can assist in response by providing information and/or automated response."
"B93-B111)."
"We formalize this problem as a mathematical program where the objective of the firm is either profit or total welfare."
"For instance, some of the data may be known only within specified bounds, while other data may be known only in terms of ordinal relations."
"We illustrate how the designer can (partially) alleviate this inefficiency by employing a policy that strategically obfuscates the information in the platform’s possession; interestingly, such a policy is beneficial despite the fact that consumers are aware of both the designer’s objective and the precise way by which information is being disclosed to them."
"That is, the optimum number of servers can be determined by equating marginal cost to marginal revenue."
"Chasing a Moving Target: Exploitation and Exploration in Dynamic Environments (p. 587)Hart E. Posen, Daniel A. LevinthalIt has been said that an organization must evolve or die."
"Identification is achieved due to our dynamic, panel data structure and the availability of detailed communication data."
"Although FIFO results in a range of closely related service durations and an increasing price schedule, we show that 2-SPT gives rise to a clustered service line with a gap between the ranges of service durations offered for different priority classes, along with a decrease of demand volume and a possible price drop from the lower-quality to the higher-quality cluster."
"In this paper we provide two-stage experiment design and analysis procedures to solve the problem for a variety of scenarios, including those in which we encounter unequal variances across systems, as well as those in which we use the variance reduction technique of common random numbers and it is appropriate to do so."
"Empirically, we examine the influence of university prestige on the annual rate of technology licensing by 102 universities from 1991–1998."
"We also show that the loss experienced when implementing periodic pricing reviews instead of continuous policies is small when the appropriate number of reviews is chosen."
"A queuing system has restricted accessibility if not every customer is admitted to the system."
"Our analysis shows that, surprisingly, the opposite may be true—when a firm’s high efficiency is publicly known, the firm may reduce its product quality rather than increase it."
"This is done in two steps."
"Therefore, one reason that larger, more diversified, research-intensive firms pay their executives more is because they are assortatively matched with managers that are talented, have more cross-industry experience, and are prone to innovation."
"We show briefly how the treatment can be extended to general homogeneous restrictions on portfolio proportions."
"Insights include: (1) The effectiveness of prevention and treatment depend critically on the stage in the epidemic in which they are employed."
"This paper develops a comprehensive picture of how procedural justice affects managers' in-role and extra-role behavior in the business context."
"In the paper “Optimal Maintenance Policy and Sale Date of a Machine,” Dr. G. L. Thompson [Thompson, G. L. 1968."
"This paper shows that aggregate inventory disclosure, i.e., partial disclosure, can be instead sustained as an ex post equilibrium."
"The skewness effect is stronger during periods of high investor sentiment and is related to differences in skewness across industries as well as to time-series variation in the level of skewness in the market."
"As we posit a number of competitive and complementary relationships between clients, the resolution of a problem for one client will impose positive and negative externalities on other clients."
"Politicians disproportionately favor the SRI categories that reflect their favorite issues, while salience plays an important role in activating their ideologically based preferences for SRI."
"failure"
"Our paper shows that the parameters in existing theoretical models of channel substitution such as offline transportation cost, online disutility cost, and the prices of online and offline retailers interact to determine consumer choice of channels."
"A simple example yields surprising results."
"The optimal schedule minimizes ∑b[max (0, Ai − di)] where Ai is the actual completion time for job i and di is the deadline for job i. A common deadline, t0, is assumed for all jobs, i.e., di = t0, i = 1, …, H."
"Search and survey answers, none."
"During the implementation period there is no difference in the stock price performance, but during the postimplementation period award winners significantly outperform firms in the various control groups."
"A process is a time-dependent sequence of events governed by a process framework."
"I examine the impact of digital rights management (DRM), a prevalent strategy used by firms in media industries to address piracy concerns, on music sales."
"The two response modes differed in that the central response category was used more frequently in the numerical than the verbal case, while overconfidence was greater verbally than numerically."
"251–258, by Frank Harary, University of Michigan, and Ian C. Ross, Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc."
"With either approach, precomputed tables can simplify the scheduling process on a near-optimum basis."
"Our analysis generates several insights."
"The theoretical and managerial implications of the scheme are discussed and illustrated."
"However, after controlling for expected waiting times, callers generally prefer waiting in a queue over accepting a callback and waiting offline."
"Throughout the text it is assumed that there are two independent Poisson arrival processes giving two types of customers."
"The obsolescence gradient and/or the economic life of the equipment do not enter into the formula of the minimum average costs, which are thus obtained more simply and accurately than through the classical estimation procedures."
"The application literature is reviewed and the conditions under which control variables could be profitably applied in practical simulations are described."
"Using changes in U.S. Senate committee chairmanships as a source of exogenous variation in state-level federal government expenditures, I find that firms headquartered in states with increases in government spending significantly reduce their innovation output, as measured by their number of patents and the citations to these patents."
"On the other hand, randomization among indifferent options is costless relative to deliberate selection."
"However, R…D managers face uncertainty not only in payoffs, but also from many other sources."
"These included speed, minimum messages, minimum error, and voting."
"We suggest that these factors, together with already known factors of success/failure, may aid in the estimation of the potential of a concept early in its development."
"However, personalized information provisioning, in which the firm can share different information with different customers, has significant value and has attributes very similar to personalized pricing."
"Results show that, contrary to theoretical predictions, quantity discounts do not necessarily increase the supplier's profits."
"The allocation decision is one of simultaneously determining the number of servers and the fraction of the total arrival stream for each facility in order to optimize a given performance measure."
"Numerical experiments on a simple VaR example illustrate the potential for variance reduction."
"J. Farm Econom.51.]"
"Additionally, we obtain polynomial-time algorithms for both of these variants."
"Despite some inherent limitations resulting from its aggregated formulation, we show that this more parsimonious conjoint approach has some special mathematical properties that lead to an efficient optimal algorithm to tackle the product line/price selection problem."
"This paper presents a formulation of the quadratic assignment problem, of which the Koopmans-Beckmann formulation is a special case."
"Participants were considerably more likely to choose to use an imperfect algorithm when they could modify its forecasts, and they performed better as a result."
"We correlate analysts' forecast errors with temporal variation in investor sentiment."
"The model offers significant spatial, sectoral, and temporal resolution and may readily incorporate professional judgment (it is best implemented in a buyer-behavior survey mode)."
"A conceptual framework for long range facility planning of ancillary departments in hospitals is proposed and successfully applied to a radiology department."
"It is commonly argued that in recent years pharmaceutical companies have targeted their research and development (R&D) at small improvements of existing compounds instead of riskier drastic innovations."
"A simple and effective way to exploit parallel processors in discrete event simulations is to run multiple independent replications, in parallel, on multiple processors and to average the results at the end of the runs."
"The demand for the product is random, and it is independent and identically distributed from period to period."
"With the stated purpose, it is hoped that this paper will stimulate future research in this important problem area."
"In a model of two-sided private information, we characterize the fully revealing, perfect equilibrium offer strategy of the seller."
"Much of the previous research investigating the choice of control mode has focused on direct reporting relationships between IS project leaders and their superiors in a hierarchical setting."
"With such a view, a stranger might expect to find managers active in our sessions and in our councils."
"We analyze how the fraction of end-product functionalities prepackaged into the subsystem impacts the optimal introduction strategy and the relative value appropriation power across the industries."
"DTCA seems to have two different effects on pharmaceutical markets."
"The value of information is used to evaluate the worth of a forecast to the recipient."
"Investors anticipate this effect, and it renders information systems inefficient."
"The model applies to multi-location inventory systems with similar cost structures for coordinated deliveries."
"λ represents the rate of activity arrival to the system."
"A model of these costs is here proposed."
"The unit economic costs were not estimated; rather, the economic benefits were expressed as linear functions of the unit economic costs of unsatisfied passenger and cargo demand."
"By taking the goal of optimal portfolio management as long term maximization of wealth, whether it be via long or short term gains, portfolio selection can be based upon objective criteria instead of risk preference."
"We find that the electronic channel also influenced how sellers distributed supply, but we find little evidence that this led to reduced geographic price dispersion."
"The method is illustrated by means of a hypothetical example."
"We bring the model to the data and provide a calibration that favorably predicts the speed profiles observed in swimming competitions."
"To address this calibration problem, we propose the exterior-trimmed opinion pool."
"With more divergent changes, the advantages of strong ties to resistors accruing to the change agent are weaker, and may turn into liabilities that reduce the likelihood of change adoption."
"In particular, linear models have been used in several studies."
"There is a well-known intuition linking prospect theory with the disposition effect, the tendency of investors to sell assets that have risen in value rather than fallen."
"An n period single-product single-facility model with known requirements and separable piecewise concave production and storage costs is considered."
"The intervention also shows how digitalization in our everyday lives makes information available that can help individuals overcome salience bias and act more in line with their preferences."
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"The “preference reversal phenomenon,” a systematic disparity between people’s valuations and choices, poses challenges for theory and policy."
"This paper was accepted by John List, behavioral economics."
"Book Reviews—Johnson, Richard A., Kast, Fremont E. and Rosenzweig, J. E. The theory and management of systems."
"In this paper, we describe a parallel replacement problem in which the economic interdependence among assets is caused by capital rationing."
"The study described in this paper attempts to address the implementation management question by exploring the use of MIS users' pre-implementation expectations about a system as indicators of the likely success of that system."
"Using a psychometric measurement model, an expression is developed that describes the random error associated with decomposition estimates as a function of characteristics of the component assessments."
"Knowing the correct functional form may facilitate theoretical consensus, either analytically (by modifying models' assumptions) or empirically (by supporting a critical test of competing theories)."
"They use an online experiment to compare their approach to a standard one used in the literature that requires comparable task completion time."
"More on planning for freedom."
"The insight for management: Outsourcing production upstream in the supply chain might lead to greater product differentiation and lower price competition; benefits outside of cost savings alone should be considered."
"Two computational methods are discussed."
"In this paper, analytic properties and performance of optimal file migration policies are investigated based on a Markov decision process model of file migration policies."
"We find evidence that cooperatively framed feedback is most effective for motivating female subjects, whereas competitively framed feedback is most effective at motivating male subjects."
"From a technical perspective, we prove that the general setting considered is computationally intractable."
"Results show that kanban, when implemented in certain environmental settings, does indeed perform exceptionally well."
"In fact, with only slight modification, Howard's algorithm can be extended to this wider class of stochastic processes."
"We then derive the optimal insurance contracts to deal with the information asymmetry and show how the firm’s characteristics affect the optimal contracts."
"To analyze simulation runs which use the same random numbers, the blocking concept of experimental design is not needed."
"Analysts’ use of EDGAR is associated with longer and more informative analysis within recommendation reports."
"Participants receive information about a risky and a risk-free fund and make an allocation between the two in an experimental investment portfolio."
"Empirical research on complementarity between organizational design decisions has traditionally focused on the question of existence of complementarity."
"The supplier's delivery performance is measured by its ability to meet delivery dates requested by the customers."
"There are three major findings."
"To solve this reformulation, we develop a proximal stochastic mirror descent (PSMD) method that learns regions of high ALP constraint violation via its dual update."
"Virtually all of the published examples of the use of the AHP to evaluate alternatives relative to a set of criteria have assumed this principle."
"If a supplier fails an audit, the buyer must take one of two costly actions: either rectify the supplier or drop the supplier (along with any dependent suppliers)."
"Sabotage in Tournaments: Evidence from a Laboratory Experiment (p. 611)Christine Harbring, Bernd IrlenbuschDoes forced employee ranking inspire greatness or lead to backbiting and lack of harmony in the workforce?"
"Twenty-eight operating and design characteristics are represented permitting their impact on steady state productivity to be estimated."
"Languages are important in any discussion of information systems."
"127, Springer-Verlag, New York, 15–26)."
"The italicized words are the sources of fuzziness in these examples."
"A numerical example illustrates how the model can be used to determine the least cost combination of time between periodic maintenance, the number of maintenance men, and the number of periodics between inspections of each item for a required level of system operation."
"1957."
"Studies35 237–256.)."
"We find that (i) style turbulence follows a U-shaped relationship with respect to function turbulence (the turbulence of product functions associated with a given style), and (ii) style turbulence increases over time."
"Flow models are developed to interpret and explain these results."
"$7.50;—James, Glenn and Robert C. James, Mathematics Dictionary."
"We use a proprietary data set from a national department store chain and evaluate the competitive impact of the launch of a buy-online-and-pick-up-in-store service by a major competitor."
"The consumption minimizing policy for a given individual user is obtained, as well as the consumption minimizing policy that belongs to a restricted class of policies that are more likely to be politically feasible."
"Second, a new hybrid scheduling urgency factor capitalizing on the fact that this algorithm is sensitive to the absolute value rather than relative sequence of the urgency factors is introduced."
"Our goal is to develop a job release schedule that not only minimizes tardiness but also maximizes flexibility."
"The problem is to consider which planning approach and information structure are best."
"The discord may be attributed to the relative effectiveness of the two analytical tools and some differences in the research designs."
"Notably, the preference for modifiable algorithms held even when participants were severely restricted in the modifications they could make (Studies 1–3)."
"For risk preferences, our results indicate that the proposed method predicts subjects' willingness to pay for a set of out-of-sample gambles significantly more accurately, while taking respondents about the same time to complete."
"Working paper, University of Texas, Dallas, January.)."
"We also indicate how the procedure can be extended to N-stage systems."
"Forgetting rate does not appear to be related to learning rate, contrary to conventional wisdom in the learning curve literature."
"88, $2.95—reviewed by Austin C. Hoggatt."
"$7.75—reviewed by August B. Mundel;—Fights, Games, and Debates, by Anatol Rapoport."
"Disagreement about stock valuation, combined with short-sales constraints, can increase asset prices."
"Clearly, inventory could increase sales: expanding inventory creates more choice (options, colors, etc.)"
"Generalizations of the warehousing model."
"Management scientists and operations research people have contributed heavily to the rationalization of operations and decision making in the General Electric Company."
"In fact, fostering member embeddedness has a stronger explanatory effect on customer beliefs than does providing quality content."
"It is then shown that the results obtained by Theil and Wage are simply related to the optimal constant-parameter, linear predictors of the transformed series and thus that the adaptive forecasts are optimal in a rather wide sense."
"This paper considers a solution to the school timetabling problem."
"The rapid growth of telecommunication capacity, driven in part by the wide-ranging deployment of fiber-optic technology has led to increasing concern regarding the survivability of such networks."
"Overall, air travel improves the diversification of investor portfolios and lowers the cost of equity for firms."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"Moreover, we show that despite dropping the price to zero infinitely often, the optimal price trajectory does not get trapped near zero."
"Other significant factors include capacity utilization, setup time, time between orders, and number of items."
"This leads us to a much simpler solution."
"We also find that internal linkages are associated with more knowledge flow within firms and less knowledge expropriation by collocated competitors."
"We also find some evidence that the affected banks raised their trading risk and decreased the hedging of their banking business."
"Judging Borrowers by the Company They Keep: Friendship Networks and Information Asymmetry in Online Peer-to-Peer Lending (p. 17)Mingfeng Lin, Nagpurnanand R. Prabhala, Siva ViswanathanDo popular people get all the breaks?"
"Also, judgments of complementary events were essentially additive under all conditions."
"We develop statistical methods that give consistent estimates of the model primitives, and derive their asymptotic distribution, which is useful to do hypothesis testing."
"This paper contributes large-sample evidence to an emerging discussion on open innovation and firm strategy."
"This paper presents the first R and D price indexes based largely on actual prices and expenditures reported by firms."
"Thus criteria are spelled out for attributing the terms “normative” and “positive” to systems."
"The focus is on shortest route problems where a general, nonlinear utility function is used to measure outcomes."
"The recently implemented court decision to break up Bell (=American Telephone & Telegraph Co.) to accord with U.S. anti-trust laws represents a highly significant policy decision which is proving to be influential in other countries as well as the U.S. The telecommunication industry is of such size and importance that even relatively small economies that might be lost with Bell's breakup as a “natural monopoly” could involve substantial welfare losses to consumers and producers."
"This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"As with the aforementioned data-driven methods, our new policy enjoys provably good performance in the large-sample regime."
"Unfortunately, this literature offers no consensus regarding the net direction and magnitude of these various effects."
"Long lead times impose costs due to higher work-in-process inventory, increased uncertainty about requirements, larger safety stocks and poorer performance to due dates."
"The authors examine the drivers of adoption of Internet banking and the linkages among adoption drivers and outcomes such as product acquisition, service activity, profitability, and customer loyalty."
"Portfolio Choice Under Cumulative Prospect Theory: An Analytical Treatment (p. 315)Xue Dong He, Xun Yu ZhouThat “losses loom large” is a basic tenet of understanding individuals' choices under uncertainty."
"This paper demonstrates that a class of two-person games with ratio payoff functions can be solved using equivalent primal-dual linear programming formulations."
"The key to the procedure is the definition of subproblems which are easily solved via a simple recursive relationship."
"In scale-intensive (e.g. steel, vehicles) and supplier-dominated (e.g. printing, construction) firms, opportunities tend to be upstream in related production technologies."
"This paper presents a new integer programming model for optimal shift scheduling with multiple rest and lunch breaks, and break windows."
"We use our empirical methodology to analyze complementarity between innovation activities: internal research and development (R&D) and external knowledge acquisition."
"This suggests that strategies for conducting successful FOA may be available to arbitrators."
"We consider three measures as policy objectives: total output, total damage from negative externalities, and social welfare."
"The insight for management: New methodologies enable better estimation of underlying preferences."
"In our model, the specialist firms can form an alliance to bundle their products in competing with the generalist firm."
"The BISG proxy predicts the reported race/ethnicity the best as judged by prediction bias, correlation coefficient, and discriminatory power."
"Other optimization-based processes operate in a similar manner."
"We find that divisive normalization more accurately captures observed behaviour than alternative models, including an example range normalization model."
"We show that the interplay between productivity volatility risk and ambiguity aversion is important for pricing variance risk in returns."
"Books Received"
"The situation is reversed for the developing countries subsample, where returns from non-IT capital are quite substantial, but those from IT capital investments are not statistically significant."
"We draw on diverse data sets to compare the institutional organization of upstream life science research across the United States and Europe."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2613.This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"The difference in relative performance between the Exponential Smoothing and Moving Average methods for intermediate versus short range forecasts appears to be due to a subcomponent identified as “caused noise.”"
"Here analogous but stronger bounds are derived for the general finite horizon problem, without such special assumptions."
"Organizations constantly face a dynamic environment where they must respond both quickly and accurately in order to survive."
"These findings suggest a hitherto unexplored benefit of the patent system: by requiring inventions to be published through a credible, standardized, and centralized repository, it mitigates information costs for buyers and sellers, and thus facilitates transactions in the market for ideas."
"1990."
"When combinatorial bidding is permitted in auctions, such as the proposed FCC Auction #31, the resulting full valuations and winner-determination problem can be computationally challenging."
"He has less need for coordinators and expediters since he has the information needed to make rational decisions on sequencing the work."
"We analyze price and quality competition in a vertically differentiated duopoly in which consumers have a preference for variety."
"This paper extends the algorithm developed by Hartley and Wortham [2] for the calculation of the c.d.f."
"A “smart” customer arrives at an M/G/1 queue."
"As a consequence, some of the intellectual energy that had been devoted to optimization began to be directed to the study of heuristics, but from an enriched perspective that emphasized theoretical performance analysis, both worth case and probabilistic."
"Defining the “brand-specific effect” to be the component of overall preference not explained by the attributes used in the multi-attribute model, the aim is to empirically estimate the brand-specific effects for the different brands."
"For the moment it is sufficient to observe that a solution to the tactical problem defines a family of decision rules while a solution to the strategic problem involves a final selection of some particular member of this family."
"We derive an explicit expression for the optimal safety stock as a function of the level of correlation through time."
"We consider the introduction of a new consumer durable in a monopolistic market and the evolution of sales is modelled by a flexible diffusion model."
"The firm operates under a capital budget for financing the capacity investment, and an operating budget, which is uncertain in the capacity investment stage, for financing the production."
"363–422, relating it to the formulation of linear programming problems and to the concept of duality, by S. Vajda, Admiralty Research Laboratory, Teddington, Middlesex, England.(2) A simpler proof of the results of paper: Edgar Simons, “A Note on parametric linear programming,” Management Science, Vol."
"The results of applying the HCPA to 48 test problems taken from the literature indicate that this approach usually yields a very good solution with a moderate amount of computational effort."
"During development of an innovative product there is often considerable uncertainty about component production cost, and it is of interest for both the manufacturer and the supplier to engage in a collaborative effort to reduce this uncertainty and lower the expected cost."
"The problem of plant layout has generally been treated as a static one."
"The data are generally, although not entirely, consistent with the hypothesis that ratios of successive forecasts are independent variates; their distribution appears to be conditionally Lognormal."
"With the resulting generalized stepping stone method, it becomes practicable to solve many large-scale problems for which the direct application of the simplex method would be impracticable."
"We find partial mediation of the effect of collaboration on extreme outcomes by the diversity of technical experience of team members and by the size of team members' external collaboration networks."
"We should, however, examine the basic nature of transportation costs in a plant and their usual allocation."
"The historical aspect of this study comprehends the years 1899-1939 and reports on the behavior of costs, wages, output and related physical measures in 5 basic industries plus “all manufacturing.”"
"The research goals are to (i) determine the allocation of random demand into base and surge capacity, (ii) estimate corresponding working capital requirements, and (iii) identify and value the key drivers of dual sourcing."
"Others suggest that capabilities arise from experience producing and selling to existing markets."
"1970."
"In line with our predictions, we find clustering of patent filings around month-ends, with month-end applications being more complex than those filed on other days."
"Applications are made to two versions of a large-scale problem of planning capacity expansion for India's nitrogenous fertilizer industry, and results are compared with those for other approaches."
"Some suggestions for improving the relevance of accounting and similar information are made."
"describes a media selection and scheduling model which neglects to consider diminishing returns to repeated exposures at the individual level."
"Arrangements are being made for the conduct of the 14th International Meetings of The Institute of Management Sciences at the Centro Medico in Mexico City, Mexico, during the dates of August 22–25, 1967, inclusive."
"For example, ignoring these behavioral factors can result in up to 10% profit losses."
"In contrast, we propose that collaboration can have opposite effects at the two extremes: it reduces the probability of very poor outcomes—because of more rigorous selection processes—while simultaneously increasing the probability of extremely successful outcomes—because of greater recombinant opportunity in creative search."
"Since these guarantees are virtually impossible to maintain credibly, we would expect to reject the hypothesis in the earlier literature relating channel structure to competition in an empirical study controlling for observability."
"Finally, we show that an improvement in the speed of product development does not necessarily lead to an earlier time-to-market, but always leads to enhanced products."
"In each case, participant behaviors change based on the information made available to them."
"A number of authors have used the portfolio standard deviation to model the risk reduction advantages of naive diversification."
"In an interpretive review of market response models, we do find international differences in response parameters, but we also find that parameter differences due to cross-national factors tend to be smaller than differences related to technical characteristics of the model or to product/market specifics."
"Once the market capacity becomes publicly known, each player must decide privately whether to enter the market and receive a payoff, which increases linearly in the difference between the market capacity and the number of entrants, or stay out."
"This paper considers a call center outsourcing contract analysis and choice problem faced by a contractor and a service provider."
"failure"
"The model is adapted from a Danish slaughterhouse."
"When trust is high, firms anticipate fruitful collaborations and thus can credibly commit to not expropriating inventors, leading to the more efficient production of new capital."
"Risk attitude and time preference are well-known and distinct concepts in the study of individuals' preferences for goods such as money."
"Heights and Valley News (May) 10–11; Wallace, R., D. Wallace."
"This paper was accepted by Baris Ata, stochastic models and simulation."
"Prior firm experience, firm capabilities, and the industry environment are known to be important determinants of new-venture performance."
"This paper presents an effective solution strategy for an important category of personnel scheduling problems."
"Expected present value of warranty reserves, by using a factor that includes the firm’s discount rate and the general inflation rate, are found for the different warranty execution functions."
"Finally, 24-hour returns also vary by price point, and buy–sell imbalances are a major determinant of that variation across price points."
"That is, people predict that others’ choices will be closer to risk neutrality than those choices actually are."
"In the situation described, at least, there was less bargaining than our hypotheses had led us to expect."
"In their paper Management Science, Vol."
"We find that stock recommendations lead to large overnight returns that subsequently reverse over the next few months."
"Accounting processes have become formalized to the point where they misrepresent financial results and position; the probability that resources will be used efficiently and that equity between parties of interest will be served is materially reduced by lack of care in the definition of significant concepts and the concurrent acceptance of procedures which have directly opposite justifications and consequences."
"We develop a data-driven optimization framework to help a firm successfully conduct (i) short-horizon and (ii) long-horizon influencer marketing campaigns, for which two models are developed, respectively, to maximize the firm’s benefit."
"For example, some visits are motivated by planned purchases, while others are associated with hedonic browsing (akin to window shopping); our model is able to accommodate these (and several other) types of visit-purchase relationships in a logical, parsimonious manner."
"Measurement and estimation procedures are presented, an application is described, and the managerial relevance of this work as a planning and forecasting tool is examined."
"This paper was accepted by Yan Chen, decision analysis."
"This work has established that people often egocentrically discount advice."
"The results show that, in sharp contrast to prior multiechelon models, transit-time variances play an important role in system performance."
"J. Math."
"We test this theory with an experiment."
"We derive conditions under which a monopoly seller benefits from ex ante registration requirements and demonstrate that the profitability of registration requirements is increased when taking into account the prospect of future purchases or an informational value of consumer registration to the firm."
"failure"
"Many people have considered this question and provided solutions."
"3) a recent eigen-vector technique of Saaty (Saaty, T. L. 1977."
"The unobservability of demand rates leads to stochastic choice hazard, and the unobservability of productive actions leads to moral hazard problems."
"We first identify when, and when not, to give feedback as well as which type of feedback to give: public (which all solvers can observe) or private (which only the focal solver can observe)."
"1974."
"Content has a greater effect on adoption in countries with more disparate languages, making it a useful tool to overcome linguistic isolation."
"In particular, we focus on SMDPs under the average-reward criterion."
"In both models, revenues obtained from the customers are sensitive to the lead time, there is a threshold of lead time above which the customer does not place an order, and the quoted lead times are 100% reliable."
"The condition can be viewed as an extension of a simple unanimity or dominance condition."
"Our results imply that more study is needed when using SDU care this way."
"Our consideration of quality asymmetries on base goods and add-ons, plus the inclusion of boundedly rational consumers, leads to several novel findings regarding firm profits."
"The second is to persuade patients to talk about specific brands when they meet physicians, with the objective of influencing market share (combative)."
"Given the limited information, the contracting parties make decisions in their own interest, leaving each party vulnerable to the other's opportunistic behavior."
"In this article, we investigate whether decision makers could similarly draw on crowds to improve the accuracy of their judgments about their own tastes and hedonic experiences."
"Overly optimistic forecasts result from the adoption of an inside view of the problem, which anchors predictions on plans and scenarios."
"Erratum to Cramton, Peter C. 1991."
"We develop models and analyses to support decisions concerning how responsibility for the warranty population should be divided between them."
"The research involved detailing the knowledge reuse process in six case studies varying in degree of innovation."
"We study a seller’s optimal pricing and inventory strategies when behavioral (nonpecuniary) motives affect consumers’ purchase decisions."
"This effect seems to be more pronounced when there exists a semantic gap between the user and the specialist (i.e., when they use different concepts for the task)."
"The empirical section of this study based on data gathered from 35 manufacturers found that environmental uncertainty influenced manufacturing strategy variables such as Manufacturing Flexibility, and the Role of Manufacturing Managers in Strategic Decision Making."
"A sketch will then be given of how extensions may also be effected to continuous distributions."
"We first examine how the allocation of product collection to retailers impacts their strategic behavior in the product market, and we discuss the economic trade-offs the manufacturer faces while choosing an optimal reverse channel structure."
"The objective is to determine replenishment policies that specify the delivery quantities and the vehicle routes used for the delivery, so as to minimize the long-run average inventory and transportation costs."
"The decision to feedback (to receive another unit of service) or not is based on the type of customer completing service."
"The accelerated pace of technological change has led to rapid obsolescence of productive capacity in electronics and other industries."
"In recent years, the U.S. corporate world has been dominated by a spectacular spate of mergers and acquisitions."
"I exploit the random assignment of undergraduates to peer groups during a mandatory orientation week and track the students’ performance over four years (until graduation)."
"The researcher and the manager: A dialectic of implementation."
"Business-to-consumer online auctions form an important element in the portfolio of mercantile processes that facilitate electronic commerce activity."
"The unique equilibrium of the stage game is in mixed strategies with positive probabilities of shirking/inspecting while combined payoffs are maximized when the employee works and the employer does not inspect."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"The authors identify a simple strategy, expected margin commitment (EMC), that effectively promotes collaboration."
"J. Risk Uncertainty5(4) 297–323) and lognormal asset prices, investors exhibit a disposition effect as gains are realized at a greater rate than losses."
"Particular attention is given to the interplay between imperfect information about real economic activity, including supply, demand, and inventory accumulation, and speculative activity in oil markets."
"Parametric linear programming is used to investigate the effect of the efficiency of collecting, sorting and transporting waste paper on the fraction recycled."
"Importantly, the advantage of equity tokens stems from their inherent ability to better align incentives and thus continues to hold even absent regulation."
"Product form solutions and approximations for this type of system are provided along with expressions for performance measures like blocking and reneging."
"How should a firm price a new product for which little is known about demand?"
"1984."
"Certain Properties of Connectivity Matrices are noted to be similarly applicable to Three Management Science Models which have hitherto been investigated as independent structures: (1) PERT Network Analysis; (2) Parts Explosion Techniques; and (3) Business System Data Flow Analysis."
"failure"
"This paper presents a discrete, dynamic brand-choice model that belongs to the LB class of models."
"Examples of this setting arise in the case of reliability models with highly reliable components as well as in the case of queueing networks with low traffic."
"Thus, the development path taken appears to be related to the results achieved."
"Our empirical Bayes method clamps features in each group together and uses the deployed model’s observed data to empirically compute a hierarchical prior in hindsight."
"The model determines the optimal values of these variables subject to institutional constraints and within a framework of managerial risk preferences that are expressed as subjective constraints and subsequently evaluated by the dual model."
"While perceived expertise did not increase the individual's emphasis of their own unique knowledge, perceived experts were more likely than nonexperts to emphasize shared knowledge and other member's unique knowledge contributions."
"Our findings lend strong support to Bayesian networks as a robust tool for modeling consumer response and other marketing problems and for assisting management decision making."
"We consider the NP-hard Multiple Depot Vehicle Scheduling Problem, in which a given set of time-tabled trips have to be assigned to vehicles stationed at different depots, so as to minimize the number of vehicles used and the overall operational cost."
"One version of the model allows choices among alternatives and another version leads to a deterministic form."
"Also, we prove that the portfolios generated by mean-variance-skewness model are semi-efficient in the sense of third degree stochastic dominance."
"The problem was solved via a two-stage procedure consisting of a long-term model (LTM) and a short-term model (STM)."
"Management Sci.16(5, January) 298–308.].The fractile model seems to add little to the current literature on risk programming models under normality assumptions except to provide a direct solution procedure for identification of a specific solution in a Baumol efficient E-L set."
"These firms may obtain short term cash to cover their seasonal needs from a variety of sources: e.g., lines of credit, delaying of accounts payable, term loans, pledging or factoring receivables, etc."
"This paper was accepted by Isabel Fernandez-Mateo, organizations."
"This paper examines some of the interrelationships between the formal organization of a regulatory agency and its task environment."
"Comments that follow by Queyranne and Quernheim and Bastian provide some counter-examples."
"We identify three types of complementary product integration: value-added internal, add-on module, and data interface."
"Facilitator and GSS support together tended to enhance one another's effective influence on cohesion and processes."
"On the basis of these tests, this linear programming method appears to offer a promising method for the practical economic planning of production activities."
"The impact of order imbalance volatility shocks on stock prices is reflected within one month in large, visible stocks but takes up to four months to be fully reflected in small, “neglected” stocks."
"Consequently, a paper about planning models can either continue as in present practice to ignore critical issues, or can begin with simple classification—more or less as Linnaeus started back in the 1700's."
"Dynamic version of the economic lot size model."
"1956."
"This paper points out that, in spite of the potential power of the Lieberman model for integrated business systems, (Lieberman, I. J. 1956."
"So also are statisticians, game theorists, cyberneticians, information theorists, operations researchers and many others among the management scientists."
"More multihoming consumers imply reduced differentiation and higher degree of platform competition."
"$6.95;—Johnsen, Erik, Studies in Multiobjective Decision Models."
"Finally an analysis is sketched which reveals that the assertion “ought-to-sentences cannot be reduced to is-sentences” need not be tautological if it is meant to hold within a system only."
"This paper was accepted by Brian Bushee, accounting."
"We propose the optimal strategies in the end-product market for manufacturers of proprietary component brands, MPCBs for short."
"Considerable cost savings are demonstrated using the proposed methodology in contrast with the conventional one-machine optimization models."
"This paper was accepted by Peter Wakker, decision analysis."
"Vol."
"Our SPO+ loss function can tractably handle any polyhedral, convex, or even mixed-integer optimization problem with a linear objective."
"We develop a technique that sites can use to learn the profile as quickly as possible."
"We also investigate the performance of the robust Gittins index policy when applied to a Bayesian webpage design problem."
"The authors introduce a new risk tool to communicate the risk of investment products, and they examine how different risk-presentation modes influence risk-taking behavior and investors' recall ability of the risk-return profile of financial products."
"In this research, we demonstrate a censorship bias—individuals tend to rely too heavily on the observed censored sample, biasing their belief about the underlying population."
"A formal mathematical analysis is carried out on the deterministic equivalent nonlinear problem with solutions over a set that may be nonconvex."
"We find that among optimal designs there always exists one with a “hierarchical” structure, where all tasks are initially routed to the least skilled servers and then progressively move to more skilled ones, if necessary."
"This finding is robust to several tests of reverse causality."
"However, motorist anxiety induced by an electric vehicle's limited range and high battery cost have constrained consumer adoption."
"Also, several classes of countermeasures are examined to determine their ability to increase the time window during which a secret can be held."
"The performance of the rules are classified according to values of these two measures, and it is shown that a rule introduced by this research performs significantly better on most categories of projects."
"As the United States has become a more litigation society, executives are finding more of their time and their firms' resources consumed by litigation."
"The optimal maintenance and replacement policy for a fleet of vehicles is discussed in this paper that reflects a research effort of three years."
"The authors' response to Chandmal, A., C. Jayaraj."
"We correlate competitive bidding and profits in symmetric independent private value first-price auctions with salivary testosterone, estradiol, progesterone, and cortisol in more than 200 subjects."
"This generates a tension between tax- and market-timing incentives."
"R&D intensity and manufacturing performance were evaluated in this study of 600 durable goods firms in 20 countries."
"Moreover, the convex simplex method actually behaves like the linear simplex method whenever it encounters a linear portion of a convex objective function."
"It is shown that no contract type is universally preferred and that operating environments as well as cost-revenue structures have an important effect."
"We find in a general equilibrium setting that firms with reputations for publicizing performance are able to pay less to employees at every level of tenure and thus earn economic profit, but that these firms will never be the most productive in the economy."
"Also, devoting more time to prototyping hastens volume production."
"Consider a linear-programming problem in which the “right-hand side” is a random vector whose expected value is known and where the expected value of the objective function is to be minimized."
"Efficient simulation of gamma and variance-gamma processes."
"Employees are rational; their expected future ranking changes with learned feedback on current rank."
"Philadelphia: W. B. Saunders Co., 1968, 481 pp.,"
"Using data collected from two major online travel sites, I exploit differences in surcharge disclosure across booking channels to identify the causal effect of hidden “resort fees” on traveler ratings."
"The effect of changes in the various parameters, viz.,"
"Because of the conclusions of the study."
"Extending Joglekar and Hamburg's models here we find that when two industries consist of the same number of firms, in most cases, a heterogeneous industry falls as short of its Pareto optimal investment in basic research as its comparable homogeneous counterpart."
"These show how the value of network integration depends on service quality (speed and reliability of service) and demand characteristics (volume averages and covariance matrix)."
"The following procedure has been found useful in this case."
"Companies in a variety of industries (e.g., airlines, hotels, theaters) often use last-minute sales to dispose of unsold capacity."
"As education and training can be viewed as a system, system analysis can be applied."
"We study a multiperiod bargaining mechanism in which a seller negotiates with a buyer over the price of an indivisible good."
"measure the impact of credit extension procedures on the subsequent phases of credit policy."
"A discussion of three aspects of the introduction of real time computer executive control systems into the world of business, using as a frame of reference the experience acquired through the design and operation of a similar military system, SAGE, over the past several years."
"We find that ISVs with a greater stock of formal IPR (such as patents and copyrights), and those with stronger downstream capabilities (as measured by trademarks and consulting services) are more likely to join the platform, suggesting that these mechanisms are effective in protecting ISVs from the threat of expropriation."
"How can a large building with many occupants be evacuated in minimum time, and where are bottlenecks likely to occur in such an evacuation?"
"Probability and time are integral dimensions of virtually any decision."
"The literature on JIT production suggests a causal link between work-in-process inventory and manufacturing productivity."
"failure"
"Results reveal that most subjects prefer early resolution of uncertainty and have relative risk aversion greater than the reciprocal of the elasticity of intertemporal substitution, consistent with the predictions by recursive preferences."
"Oper."
"We suggest techniques to improve decision making."
"We conclude with a numerical example."
"Simulation modeling leads us to conclude that: (1) With respect to all sizes compared in our experiment, applicants and employers groups were always treated far more equally under the multiplicative utility approach than the stable approach. ("
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2664.This paper was accepted by Toby Stuart, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"1988."
"of the critical time in a PERT network."
"Increased knowledge in any of these areas would be likely to have a valuable long-run impact on management practice."
"An example provides more details."
"Our results are unique to the flow of IT workers among firms, not other occupations, which rules out some alternative explanations related to the similarity of firms that participate in the same labor flow network."
"The model captures two systematic violations of backward induction in centipede games, limited induction and repetition unraveling."
"We show that in equilibrium, the store with more loyal customers ends up having lower search costs even if facilitating search is costless."
"This paper reports the results of the ADVISOR 2 study, aimed at providing an understanding of and guidance for marketing mix decisions for industrial products."
"Because workers are different both in speed and reaction, managerial implications are not straightforward."
"Finally, we show that small funds, winner funds, and funds with net inflows are more likely to shift styles."
"This paper examines the implications of market structure on investment in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS)."
"The effect of customer memory on service levels is determined by whether habituation or rather goodwill drives defection decisions."
"Relative standard errors of polynomial trend values are summarized, and generalizations are made concerning the relative magnitude of the standard errors with changes in: (1) the degree of equation; (2) the number of observations; (3) the position of the trend value in time."
"The requester may exert preventive effort to reduce the volume of referrals."
"We explore the utility of the proposed methods with data gathered from a large measurement systems manufacturer."
"This problem draws its name from the difficult task facing scheduling personnel in corrugator box plants each day: to determine the least-cost method of combining customer orders on the corrugator, where one of the major costs to avoid is waste or excess trim lost from the materials used."
"Conversely, there are other plant environments in which all systems perform much worse."
"Such a commitment is often necessary for retailers who sell primarily through catalogues."
"Valuation of uncertain assets is found to be largely case based even in this economic setting; however, consistent with the framework's predictions, distinct patterns of miscalibration are found for buying prices, selling prices, and probability judgments."
"Industry experts generally promote peak pricing policy as it smoothens the demand and reduces inefficiencies in the supply system."
"In particular, they show that the impact of privacy regulation on the success of information technology efforts is heterogeneous: both positive and negative effects can arise from regulation, depending on the specific attributes of privacy laws."
"The performance of the channel in terms of risk sharing, allocative efficiency and the distribution of gains is then evaluated."
"The authors use both economic experiments and surveys at a large financial services firm to identify the norms for on-the-job behavior among financial advisers and their leaders, and the effect that the expectations of each group has on the other."
"Social scientists have long considered what mechanisms underlie repeated exchange."
"This research examines whether firms that offer both free and paid content can benefit from adjusting the amount of content offered for free."
"It is extremely dangerous to extrapolate a polynomial trend."
"A short history of the Planning, Programming and Budgeting System is given and then the recent changes made by the Reagan Administration are discussed."
"Surprisingly, we find that the interaction effect of these two crowdsourced features is negative on user engagement."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2632.This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"Who provides better inputs to new product ideation tasks, problem solvers with expertise in the area for which new products are to be developed or problem solvers from “analogous” markets that are distant but share an analogous problem or need?"
"By Richard Bellman."
"Computational experience with the method applied to fuel contract and plant construction decisions faced by an electric utility is presented."
"We first present a decision-theoretic model of a slow Dutch auction."
"Much research on advice taking examines how people revise point estimates given input from others."
"These models are, of course, not restricted to the period under consideration and can therefore be used to guide analyses and investigations for subsequent periods."
"While product development efforts are often viewed a unique configurations of idiosyncratic tasks, in reality different projects within an organization often exhibit substantial similarity in the flow of their constituent activities."
"The insight for management: Online and traditional advertising are effective substitutes."
"These special cases enable us to formalize three different product/process redesign approaches (standardization, modular design, and process restructuring) for delaying product differentiation that some companies are beginning to pursue."
"We find that the economic returns associated with many of the technologies in our sample are realized after the start-up has been acquired by an established firm, suggesting that start-ups may serve as a transitional organizational form in the market for technology commercialization."
"For example, do banking terms depend on how similar the parties are?"
"Management Sci.37 1221–1233."
"Subjects’ expectations regarding the future performance of an underlying index are elicited first."
"New ideas are often seen as creative combinations of previous ideas."
"Demand is allowed to be nonstationary in time."
"We also find evidence that affected newspapers are less likely to make their content available online."
"Contrary to offshore hedge funds, U.S.-domiciled (“onshore”) funds are subject to strict marketing prohibitions, accredited investor requirements, a limited number of investors, and taxable accounts."
"failure"
"Multiple hierarchies and organizational control."
"Altogether, our findings suggest that advertising originally intended for consumers has a nonnegligible effect on financial markets."
"How does a consumer's physical location shape the relative benefits of buying from the online world?"
"The multilocation inventory problem can be thought of naturally as an extension of the single location “newsboy” problem to multiple locations with transshipment possible between locations."
"An example is given to illustrate the use of the coefficients in a game situation."
"Whether pulsing, other than chattering, can be optimal is an important concern to both advertising practitioners and marketing scientists."
"One of these models captures the notion that the likelihood of disclosing a secret increases as the square of the number of people who are aware of it."
"The seasonal adjustment and decomposition algorithm is based on a multipass filtering technique for back forecasting and smoothing in order to correct start-up transients and replace lost filter's estimates during the initialization phase."
"In particular, we look at group leader bids in the presence of origination fees and find that these bids are (wrongly) perceived as a signal of good loan quality, resulting in lower interest rates."
"Management Sci.11 (4) B-69–B-87."
"We also find that the use of terminal conditions in the multi-period model can dramatically improve rolling schedule performance."
"Such are the combats one finds in the sub-human world, combats between enemy species, between rivals for a mate, between competitors for food or living space."
"The analysis of these equilibria suggests that high-quality firms should pursue more intensive advertising campaigns than their low-quality competitors."
"This paper presents results for queueing systems that are characterized by poisson arrival epochs with x (a random variable) arrivals at each epoch, exponential service times and c servers."
"Amid growing calls for transparency and social and environmental responsibility, companies are employing different strategies to improve consumer perceptions of their brands."
"Therefore, we next examine cost sharing and liability as possible coordination mechanisms."
"A discussion about an equation representing the measure of desirability of a proposed project as the rate of return of the project and substitution of expected value of the rate of return by the rate of return itself."
"One is that high-IQ consumers benefit less from costly services, as they find it easier to make informed financial decisions without external help."
"The findings have management implications for the design of compensation and reward packages, performance evaluation systems, and control systems, in general."
"Most faculty members estimate that patents account for less than 10% of the knowledge that transfers from their labs."
"The forecast standard errors are utilized and a hierarchical weighting scheme of the land-use indicators is developed within an allocation framework."
"The income gap is not associated with differences in the quality of the inventions that female and male inventors produce."
"However, we find many practical examples that contradict this claim."
"This paper refines these proposals to give what is believed to be the shortest procedure for finding the shortest route when it is little effort to arrange distances in increasing order by nodes or to skip consideration of arcs into nodes whose shortest route to the origin has been determined earlier in the computation."
"We single out a countable set S of schedules, each of which possess a periodic property in addition to properties (1) and (2) above, and we show that S contains a schedule with minimal cost per unit time."
"Such expectation management benefits bidders by increasing their own stock prices and saving on acquisition costs."
"San Francisco: Holden-Day, Inc., 1967, $10.75, 580 pp—reviewed by Morris Hamburg;—Koontz, Harold, The Board of Directors and Effective Management."
"Report of the meeting held on June 4–6, 1959, in Chicago."
"This study analyzed state-level university-based efforts to increase manufacturing productivity through the transfer of technologies, such as robotics and microcomputers, to manufacturing establishments."
"Divisionalisation improves the “goodness of fit” between the core business of innovating divisions and the innovations themselves, but 40% have remained consistently outside the core business of divisions.3."
"This paper examines probabilistic selling (PS) as an inventory-management mechanism, paying special attention to the impact of the timing of product assignment to buyers of probabilistic goods."
"failure"
"Evidence from Syndicated Bank Loans (p. 365)Mariassunta Giannetti, Yishay YafehDo cultural differences between contracting parties matter?"
"This research examines the effectiveness of alternative strategies for dealing with the problem of order instability, or nervousness, which occurs in Material Requirements Planning systems."
"The break-even values for natural gas plants are substantially higher, near $60 per ton."
"Using a stylized game-theoretic model, we characterize the equilibrium strategies of the two firms."
"Applications in operations research often employ models which contain linear functions."
"The Task Manufacturing Corporation is a computer-simulated business firm."
"When observed, a system is classifiable into one of a finite number of states and controlled by making one of a finite number of decisions."
"Typical growth perspectives are described which may motivate a company to diversify."
"There are, however, a number of situations met in practice in which this assumption is not a tenable one."
"We demonstrate that revenue sharing coordinates a supply chain with a single retailer (i.e., the retailer chooses optimal price and quantity) and arbitrarily allocates the supply chain's profit."
"They are also less well informed than boards about firm investment opportunities and operating conditions."
"We find that PBR dominates all other benchmarks for two out of three Fama–French data sets."
"Empirically, order flow volatility is significantly higher prior to earnings or merger announcements when information asymmetry is likely to be elevated."
"A service plan is a type of optional warranty beyond manufacturers' base warranties that retailers offer to consumers."
"Sufficient conditions for the derivative estimator to have finite moments up to a given order are also given and illustrated by examples."
"Building on human capital theory, this study provides theoretical explanations for the effects of experience at a start-up on earnings across an individual's career and then examines these implications in the context of California's semiconductor industry."
"These changes are larger when acquirers have a greater incentive and ability to make changes and are also associated with improvements in establishment performance."
"Subjects exhibit “first-place loving” and “last-place loathing”: that is, subjects work hardest after being ranked first or last."
"The authors evaluate whether “statistical discrimination,” persistent existence of discriminatory behavior, can persist even in an environment where theoretically such disparities should be competed away."
"O. N. R. Research Memorandum, No."
"The purpose of this paper is to present data and some interpretation relating to (a) the classes of problems in general, (b) as they relate to specific business functional areas, and (c) the management science techniques employed to solve the problems."
"There exists computational experience to the effect that search algorithms of the type introduced by Balas are frequently ineffective because of being tied to a rigid “natural” search origin."
"At the time of the study, hand calculators had virtually displaced slide rules and desk top adding machines, and about 15 percent of the organization was competing for available terminals of the central computer system."
"The empirical results furnish strong support for the proposed model in terms of both goodness-of-fit in the estimation sample and cross-validation in the out-of-sample data."
"Is the customer more likely to buy given this information?"
"Three concepts of depreciation are contained or involved in this investment decision rule: market value, capital recovery, and net contribution to present worth."
"Customers choosing to arrive must do so no later than time 0."
"This research study addresses the common belief that greater flexibility and choice in software aids will promote improved user performance."
"Platforms responded by reducing operational transparency through removing information about riders’ gender and race from the ride request presented to drivers."
"Management Sci.25 (February) 191–204.)"
"We propose using a modification of the simple peak hour approximation (SPHA) for estimating peak congestion in multiserver queueing systems with exponential service times and time-varying periodic Poisson arrivals."
"Formal agreements can be used to achieve coordination among channel members."
"Our research setting is a premiere innovation fund competition in Beijing, China, where the prize money at stake is economically meaningful, and evaluators are quasi-randomly assigned to evaluate written grant proposals without the possibility of peer influence."
"An analysis of transactions (n = 8,278) from Amsterdam’s 2017 real estate market, in which 70% of the properties were sold above the asking price, corroborates the experimental findings."
"In the proposed model, essential characteristics of R&D projects are incorporated."
"We show how uncertainty regions based on ϕ-divergences arise in a natural way as confidence sets if the uncertain parameters contain elements of a probability vector."
"Short termism” has been blamed for everything from the decline of the U.S. automobile industry to the low penetration of techniques such as total quality management and continuous improvement."
"Under exponential demand assumptions optimal values of L and Q are obtained."
"In fixed income markets, volatility is unspanned if volatility risk cannot be hedged with bonds."
"Management Sci.15 (7, March) 426–445.),"
"Belmont, Cal.:"
"In the context of new product forecasting before introduction, the information we have is limited to the relevant background characteristics of a new album."
"In this paper we present data concerning the accuracy of firm's forecasts of engineering employment and suggest a simple model that may be of use in improving their accuracy."
"The insight for management: A low product rating isn't bad if ratings are highly varied; niche products with low ratings have higher subsequent demand if there is disagreement among book readers."
"The ultimate aim of our study is to analyze which team processes help to transform distributed FB knowledge into high-quality decisions and organizational effectiveness, and which help avoid the potential detrimental effects of LOC diversity."
"Investors have dispersed valuations, holding shares in firms they value more highly, and a successful offer must win approval from the median target shareholder."
"We present a dual ascent and column generation heuristic to solve SPP."
"The argument is that because a leasing firm retains ownership of the off-lease units, it has an incentive to remarket them or invest in designing a more durable product, resulting in a lower volume of new production and disposal."
"The results highlight the interaction between informed investors, mispricing, and liquidity beta."
"We find that redemption incidences coincide with episodes where rebates are a larger portion of the amount spent."
"We find that the influence of forecast information differs depending on whether the information implies that the decision maker should take the status quo action, the preforecast optimal action, or the siren action, optimal only if the period-by-period forecast implies it."
"The buyer’s objective is to minimize the average lead time received from the servers."
"Specifically it is based on the assumption that the network is a tree."
"$16;—Hajek, Jaroslav and Vaclav Dupac, Probability in Science and Engineering."
"The insight for management: Better collaboration in new product development can be attained through relatively simple strategies."
"Both problems which have appeared in the open literature and problems which have been solved for the first time are included."
"Product variety in many industries has increased steadily throughout this century."
"The results of this analysis are applied to answer some important questions concerning the present enlisted force."
"Yield doubled, cycle time was cut in half, and product defects fell by a factor of ten."
"We created a data set that spans 2000–2016 and includes details on the toxic emissions of 3,092 manufacturing facilities in Texas."
"We randomly assign subjects to three treatments: starting and continuing at a high stake, starting at a low stake but jumping to a high stake after a few periods, and starting at a low stake while gradually increasing the stakes over time (the Gradualism treatment)."
"The editors of Management Science acknowledge all our 2019 reviewers and guest associate editors, who generously provided expert counsel and guidance on a voluntary basis."
"We consider a dynamic pricing model for selling a given stock of a perishable product over a finite time horizon."
"This investigation considers certain issues regarding the optimal design of unpaced production lines with variable processing times."
"Interdisciplinary research projects in academic institutions are classified using cluster analysis on their structural properties of size, stability of membership, number of hierarchical levels, division of labor, and the proportion of professional staff with doctoral degrees, masters degrees but not doctorates, and bachelors degrees but neither a masters degree nor a doctoral degree."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"The use of information products is becoming increasingly prevalent both within and across organizational boundaries."
"The insight for management: A private firm's response to potential entry from a public firm differs from its response to a threat from a private firm; government participation may spark a quicker and more defensive stance from incumbents."
"SIAM J. Appl."
"Results are presented for the 2-dimensional situation, and extended to the more general n-dimensional case."
"Finally, we show that, when delays to accessing care are inevitable, the reimbursement schemes need to provide additional incentives for hospitals to invest sufficiently in capacity."
"For example, random resource levels may be highly correlated due to economic conditions, and non-negative for physical reasons.)"
"Nevertheless, it is true that intercommunication of facts is necessary for continuance and that the prosperity of the firm does depend to a significant degree on the efficiency, effectiveness, and application of facts toward operations throughout the enterprise."
"Oper."
"At the end of the day the salesman returns to the plant and submits an order for the next day."
"For a single-server queueing system with Poisson arrivals and two or more customer types, we first show that some form of the cµ-rule holds with the caveat that the indices are complex, depending on the arrival rate, higher moments of service time, and proportions of customer types."
"The fact is that there are several dimensions of industrial concentration, for example, total number of firms in an industry, interfirm differences on a variety of characteristics such as sales, assets, resources, and so forth."
"The algorithm has the feature that a good feasible solution is generated at the start."
"2) How much work has to be done to clean it up? ("
"An alternate inspection protocol that emphasizes screening—a rapid primary scan of all containers, followed by a more careful secondary scan of only a few containers that fail the primary test—holds promise as a feasible solution for meeting the 100% scanning requirement."
"In particular, these bounds will never be more than twice the actual error."
"If these are not the components most closely tied to success, overall performance may in fact suffer."
"Analysts do not seem to detect this, as firms currently focused on exploitation tend to outperform the market’s near-term earnings expectations."
"Studies in the psychology of individual choice have identified numerous cognitive and other bounds on human rationality, often producing systematic errors and biases."
"This facilitates the derivation of two graphs which can be used with some relatively simple computational procedures to determine approximate optimal values for the reorder point s and minimum order quantity Δ."
"The effects of simultaneity are also different."
"It is shown that under certain general conditions this procedure leads to the required optimum in a finite number of steps."
"In this paper, we theoretically and empirically study the intrahorizon value at risk (iVaR) in a general jump-diffusion setting."
"The online supplementary document is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2626.This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"No previous knowledge of perturbation analysis is assumed, so the paper also serves to introduce this technique to the unfamiliar reader.)"
"Computational tests show that in many cases a significant benefit can be achieved by integration."
"Here we show how stochastic seeding strategies can be evaluated more efficiently in such experiments, how they can be evaluated “off-policy” using existing data arising from experiments designed for other purposes, and how to design more efficient experiments."
"This paper was accepted by Sandra Slaughter, information systems."
"We provide a framework for answering these managerial questions: When does a proposed system design, whose performance is unknown, merit the time and money needed to develop a simulation to infer its performance?"
"This paper describes how linear programming models can be used to solve crude-oil producing problems for the purpose of economic planning of coordinated operations."
"Thus a laboratory experiment was undertaken to test selected variables that should (or should not) affect forgetting."
"Murphy, F. H., H. D. Sherali, A. L. Soyester."
"In the popular television show Mad Money, hosted by Jim Cramer, stock recommendations are regularly made."
"In this paper, we examine how a service plan affects the role played by a manufacturer's base warranty."
"Alternatively, if allowed to run to completion, the solution procedure is capable of identifying and verifying a global optimal solution."
"The supplier offers either a quantity discount contract (with two or three price blocks) or a price-only contract, contracts that are commonplace in practice yet different in complexity."
"Implications are drawn for the study of both transactive memory and organizational learning, as well as for management practice."
"Our findings show that participants with a higher behavioral investment are more likely to violate the assumption of normative economic rationality because of the sunk cost effect."
"The results suggest that one antecedent factor—internal funds—act as the key mediating influence in the joint optimization and leads to a subordination of the mode decision in the joint optimization process."
"The researcher and the manager: A dialectic of implementation."
"State-of-the-art methods for high-dimensional optimal stopping involve approximating the value function or the continuation value and then using that approximation within a greedy policy."
"Point estimates represent a single best guess; distributions represent the probabilities that people assign to all possible answers."
"In this field study, conducted at a leading avionics guidance systems manufacturer, we gathered primary data on time and cost performance of both the design and manufacturing phases of new product development (NPD)."
"Although firms can benefit from managing service expectations at the beginning of a relationship, we find that varying service in the long run is not optimal."
"Recognition is given to the tendency for some insurance lines to generate more investable funds than others due to longer lags between claim occurrence and settlement."
"For the univariate case an efficient set of portfolios can be constructed for investment groups that differ in their investment horizon."
"On the other hand organizations can and do effectively solve novel and complex tasks by organisational joint problem-solving."
"We present an approach to production smoothing based on the concept of a planning window."
"Is our knowledge limited to a particular firm, an industry, a given country, or a culture?"
"But, instead of demanding an analysis of research itself, from which conscious control might ultimately be expected, they focus their attention on the consequences of scientific activity."
"The analysis is frequently restricted to cost minimization."
"This study develops a dual-routines view of the dynamic value of hierarchy, and tests it against the implicit null hypothesis that hierarchy merely provides static advantages over markets."
"We document heterogeneity in this effect across different patient types and visit types."
"The strongest effects are due to attendance, and conditional on high levels of attendance, holding leadership positions within the IETF."
"However, more current information on prices and budgets yields better plans."
"This paper was accepted by Assaf Zeevi, stochastic models and simulation."
"Several numerical examples are presented."
"This paper was accepted by Chris Forman, information systems."
"The results are stronger for stocks with a greater degree of information friction."
"Further research is indicated to investigate whether the forgetting rate may be constant, and therefore applicable across broad classifications of tasks."
"Probabilities produced by maximum likelihood estimation can be either too conservative or too bold relative to those found by maximizing utility under more risk-tolerant or risk-averse score functions."
"The modeling framework consists of the development of a baseline model and an integrated model."
"failure"
"The aim is to determine shipping policies that minimize the sum of transportation cost and inventory cost both at the supplier and at the retailers."
"Unlike conventional efficiency scores, these results are insensitive to outlier DMUs."
"Our findings highlight the role of nonfinancial imperatives of employees and directors in mitigating misconduct."
"In this paper, we consider an unreliable production process which produces nondefective items when operating in control, but produces defective items with a probability α when the process has shifted to an out-of-control state."
"This paper presents a mathematical model for determining a minimum cost strategy for the following personnel recruiting and selection situation."
"Racial disparities in policing, mortgage lending, and healthcare are some notable examples."
"The author evaluates forecast accuracy up to two weeks ahead and finds that the proposed models improve prediction beyond two days ahead."
"We also show that although global industry risk is small, it can be priced for certain industries."
"Firm and evaluator fixed-effects models yield consistent findings."
"This paper introduces a measure of the benefit from combining, the probability of a reduction in error variance, which recognizes this problem."
"The proper allocation of incentives must recognize and deal with the competitive and “cannibalizing” effects operating among product classes."
"New York: Consultants Bureau, 1967, 294 pp.,"
"2008."
"Moreover, some customers may become more valuable to retain and receive better incentives when they are less profitable."
"Increasing product complexity, manufacturing environment complexity and an increased emphasis on product quality are all factors leading to uncertainties in production processes."
"We conclude that performance-based allocation can be an effective procurement strategy for a buyer as long as the buyer explicitly accounts for the servers’ strategic behavior."
"I do not find evidence that agents who are delegated the mission choice reciprocate with higher effort."
"This result is consistent with dynamic models of corporate behavior in which firms build cash buffers in anticipation of potential changes in external financing conditions."
"It is generally believed that if a retailer shares information with a manufacturer, the entire supply chain is better off because of improved coordination and allocation of resources."
"We argue that, with repetition, such markets could provide useful information for understanding the IPO process."
"The correspondence between these organizational concepts and ideas from graph theory (to be explained below) is as follows."
"J. Comput."
"Although similar relative performance-based schemes are shown to lead to socially optimal outcomes in other settings (e.g., cost-cutting efforts), HRRP differs from these schemes in three respects: (i) deviation from the targets is adjusted using a multiplier; (ii) the total financial penalty for a hospital with higher than expected readmission rate is capped; and (iii) hospitals with lower than expected readmission rates do not receive bonus payments."
"A computer model links the units and activities in a simulation of the police force organization."
"about their earlier paper [Hamburg, M., W. F. Matlack."
"The logical structure of diversification as a management policy is discussed through the use of simple examples."
"Both models assume that inventory is replenished by a continuous production process."
"The authors propose a method of clustering data so that data points within a group are similar in the nonconfidential attribute values, whereas the confidential attribute values within a group are well distributed."
"Our equilibrium results highlight the possibility that a properly run program can efficiently shift some of CBP's security burden to private industry."
"First degree stochastic dominance rules for uncertain options (distributions of returns) have been developed for the following two cases: (a) multi-period additive utility functions, (b) univariate utility functions and compound distributions of returns."
"Additionally, oligopolists may only serve captive demand, leading to inefficiently low flows."
"Local R&D Strategies and Multilocation Firms: The Role of Internal Linkages (p. 734)Juan Alcácer, Minyuan ZhaoHow should geographically dispersed research centers in a firm share information?"
"Guided by a panel of production and inventory managers from diverse plant environments, a comprehensive list of factors thought most important to manufacturing effectiveness was constructed."
"Computational experience is reported on trees with representative defect patterns, taper, and sweep."
"for stochastic leadtime problems with recent work of Morton and Pentico (Morton, T., D. Pentico."
"This paper was accepted by Axel Ockenfels, behavioral economics and decision analysis."
"The author investigates how private firms respond to potential entry from public firms."
"For the special case of the Markowitz model we show that all investment projects with expected yield not exceeding the aspiration level (of yield) should be rejected."
"As interest grows rapidly in industry on the potentialities of mathematical programming techniques, it appears worthwhile to have a paper devoted to some of the more promising developments which may speed up the transition from interest to use."
"We present a model of fixing or patching a software problem after the product has been released in the market."
"Using the discontinuity around the mandatory financial audit threshold, we find that firms slightly above the threshold have more exports than do firms that are slightly below the threshold."
"Specifically if the structure of returns between securities is such that the pairwise correlation coefficients are approximately the same, a fairly simple algorithm which requires little computational effort can be employed."
"Management Sci.16(3, November) 179–186."
"In addition to the model formulation several basic types of markets are analyzed as to their effect on the various economic factors."
"This strategy increases total audience size and benefits the viewing audience."
"Such restrictions are widely encountered in practice and are based on a number of factors including managerial concerns for control of employee movements, union contractual obligations, and employee preferences for common shift starting times."
"A dynamic inventory model is formulated in which the demand distributions may change from period to period."
"This paper presents two approaches to defining such a range."
"In this paper, we show that implicit understandings can develop as channel members learn about each other's behavior."
"Using a joint space map based on past purchase behavior, a predictive model is calibrated in which the probability of product purchase depends on the customer's relative distance to other customers on the map."
"Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2870.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"This can be done by using regression models, such as have appeared in the recent finance literature, or by purchasing forecasts from firms that specialize in producing them."
"Further analyses reveal that the effect of auditing is more pronounced in countries with higher audit quality and for firms with limited alternative information."
"The optimal program scheduling for one network generally decreases the ratings of competing networks."
"failure"
"Information sharing in one supply chain triggers a competitive reaction from the other supply chain and this reaction is damaging to the first supply chain under Cournot competition but may be beneficial under Bertrand competition."
"Together, we found that consumers are not only more likely to purchase a product promoted with a probabilistic free discount over the same product promoted with a sure discount but that they are also likely to purchase more of it."
"We ran model-fitting analyses to estimate the genetic, shared environmental and nonshared environmental effects on the propensity of people to become entrepreneurs."
"They are also corroborated by the findings in two case studies in a car-manufacturing firm, briefly discussed at the end of the paper."
"We develop a bootstrapped method for formalizing each expert regulator's evaluation policy using hierarchical conjoint analysis, and apply this method to the evaluation of local telephone companies by the Florida Public Service Commission (FPSC)."
"Bell's recent paper (Bell, D. E. 1983."
"Using descriptive statistics, hazard rate models, and panel data methods, we find empirical support for the theoretical predictions."
"In this paper we show that two-station blocking systems with multi-server stations of nondeterministic service times are C-reversible, but this property can no longer be extended to three or more station blocking systems with multi-server stations of nondeterministic service times."
"They are questions fundamental to the future of the management sciences."
"In simulation studies, our approach outperforms three managerial heuristics."
"Consider a seller who faces two customer segments with differing valuations of quality of a durable product."
"Optimal strategies for this control are obtained by the linear programming method proposed by Manne [Manne, A. S., Linear programming and sequential decisions."
"Our empirical findings are most consistent with behavioral models that allow for anticipated regret over a choice that turns out to be suboptimal ex post or preferences for simplicity and gratitude for being unburdened from having to make a choice."
"The loss as a function of delay is a measure of efficiency of the algorithm which depends upon the stochastic properties of the environment."
"Standard numerical methods are hard to implement in such cases."
"Maturity mismatch and asset fire-sales amplify the impact of the uncertainty shocks."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2622.This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"The failure distribution investigated includes the Weibull distribution with different parameter values."
"Results suggest that prediction polls with proper scoring feedback, collaboration features, and statistical aggregation are an attractive alternative to prediction markets for distilling the wisdom of crowds."
"Critics suggest that these markets allow sophisticated investors to take advantage of unsophisticated investors."
"The quality of these decisions can be improved if they are also informed by measures of uncertainty about the forecast, including estimates of the value of waiting for updated, more accurate, forecasts."
"In this paper, we consider a buyer who designs a product and owns the brand, yet outsources the production to a supplier."
"Our machine-learning framework consists of three modules: (a) feature generation, (b) normalized discounted cumulative gain–based LambdaMART algorithm, and (c) feature selection wrapper."
"We present a heuristic for lot sizing in serial assembly systems with multiple contrained resources."
"It turns out that suppliers often do because under a wide variety of conditions, these contracts have a positive expected profit."
"We study the decision of an established firm to commercialize innovations."
"In this paper we endeavor to show how a management scientist maintains his integrity and individuality while changing from a staff position to a consultant position and eventually to a top executive position in a large company."
"Our data support the main assumption of regret theory, that people are disproportionately averse to large regrets, even when event-splitting effects are controlled for."
"This paper presents a method based on nonlinear programming that can be used to generate a limited number of discrete outcomes that satisfy specified statistical properties."
"Our primary research challenge is the endogenous relationship between inventory and sales—e.g., dealers influence their inventory in anticipation of demand."
"Universities are complex institutions with multidimensional objectives."
"The problem domains of concern to the department have been, and remain, the marshalling of inputs, the transformation itself, and the distribution of outputs in pursuit of this value-creating end."
"It is less the result of inexorable forces than the unintended by-product of an overly narrow view of management science."
"We illustrate the model using data from the agricultural regions with three cropping seasons: winter, summer, and nili (autumn)."
"We consider both the case when specialists can freely set their own fee for service and the case when fees are set exogenously by a third-party payer."
"Two field studies conducted over a period of six months, with four waves of data collection each, in two organizations (N = 211 and N = 181) implementing two different ITs, supported the model."
"24, No."
"Empirical studies apparently have not been published."
"Policy implications of the results as well as directions for further research are discussed."
"The~method solves this problem for all feasible time intervals."
"We provide an efficient optimal algorithm which is intuitive and simple enough to be implemented by hand."
"As a consequence, reasons other than an attempt to soften competition should explain why firms in some cases carry nonoverlapping product lines."
"$7.50)—reviewed by Sidney M. Robbins;—Elementary Decision Theory by Herman Chernoff and Lincoln E. Moses."
"With first-order ambiguity aversion, zero exposure to ambiguity can be optimal."
"A step-by-step summary of an empirical time series analysis of the effects of a newly constructed dam on river flow rate is given."
"Motivated by the aforementioned spillover effects, first funds outperform follow-on funds, after adjusting for risk."
"A major snowstorm produced a serious snow emergency and a political crisis in New York City."
"The organizational problem of integrating system analysis and program packaging concepts is discussed, particularly for an agency characterized by bottom up planning, extensive and detailed routine budgeting, including comments on control of suboptimization of systems analytical capability directly supporting top management and supporting analytical capability throughout the organization."
"We characterize the production smoothing benefits for a range of planning windows by means of an approximate analytic model and a simulation study."
"1977."
"The model used is in the form of a “logistics” or “diffusion” function."
"For managers of these products the challenges are to predict when and how much the products will change and to understand how their development decisions influence the timing and magnitude of future change activities."
"We also prove that the failure biasing heuristic in its original form may not give bounded relative error for a large class of systems and that a modification of the heuristic works for the general case."
"We advance the literature on dynamic oligopoly pricing models in the presence of switching costs by additionally modeling the strategic pricing role of the retailer within the distribution channel."
"First the unconstrained maximum is considered; when certain constraints are violated, maximization takes place subject to each of these in equational (rather than inequality) form."
"The research was motivated by the experience gained from a vehicle fleet replacement study where solutions to serial replacement problems could not be implemented since they violated management's budget plan."
"The results of an experimental evaluation show that the lower bounds are tight."
"Consumers whose offers have been rejected can invest in additional haggling effort and increment their offers."
"The class of agendas considered here is quite broad, and includes, as special cases, such methods as pairwise voting, sequential and elimination procedures, partitioning schemes, and all binary procedures."
"This paper presents the development of a mathematical model to generate economic lot sizes, on a weekly basis, for an assembly-type shop."
"This paper studies the planning problem faced by a machine shop required to produce many different items so as to meet a rigid delivery schedule, remain within capacity limitations, and at the same time minimize the use of premium-cost overtime labor."
"We find that both features of sponsorship significantly increase willingness to compete among men on average, while neither of these channels significantly increases willingness to compete among women on average."
"We study the problem of computing data-driven personalized reserve prices in eager second price auctions without having any assumption on valuation distributions."
"Data and the online appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2960.This paper was accepted by Anandhi Bharadwaj, information systems."
"In the former deterrence strategy, the global firm retains enough component technology in the home country to make the potential imitator's fixed entry costs so high that it is not worthwhile entering."
"Such aggregates outperform individuals, including experts, in various prediction and estimation tasks."
"Several problems, including the long-range process design problem, have been formulated as a compatibility matrix."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2996.This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"who were concerned about optimal allocation of marketing efforts among substitutional products distributed in different sales territories."
"Consequently, attempts at technological innovativeness are unfortunately detrimental to the economic performance of underfinanced new firms in the biomedical and pharmaceutical industry."
"Horizontal scope—the set of products and services offered—is an important dimension of firm strategy and a potentially significant source of competitive advantage."
"In his penultimate paragraph, Professor Koopmans accords a tribute to this writing of Kantorovich which is at least partly deserved, although it is also paid for, we think, at too high a price in modesty for Professor Koopman's own work as well as the work of others."
"It is demonstrated that, when there is at least one firm in the community described by the model required to control its pollution, the prices of all consumer goods will be higher after the imposition of controls than before; and the increase in price will be at least as great as the direct costs of pollution control in the production of each good."
"Thus, these studies do not allow one to establish which of these three components drive(s) the field behavior of interest."
"This paper was accepted by Brian Bushee, accounting."
"For low unavailability rates the two-officer unit is preferred, and for high unavailability rates two one-officer units are preferred."
"We find that ETF activity increases short-run informational efficiency for stocks with weak information environments."
"These are systems with customers undergoing stages of service, where the rate of flow into a state due to a customer entering a stage of service is equal to the flow out of that state due to a customer leaving that stage of service."
"We study the extension of the Murphy et al."
"The solution has a simple product form."
"Organizational structure impacts both the practices at the unit level and the extent of knowledge transfer."
"To achieve this goal, we formulate a structural model of the caller decision-making process under a callback option and impute their underlying preferences from data."
"In the framework developed, a buyer and multiple sellers may either contract for delivery in advance (the “contracting” option) or they may buy and sell some or all of their input/output in a spot market."
"The context is a multi-period pricing simulation and the payoffs are structured in accordance with a Prisoner's Dilemma."
"The paper extends results of Holt, Modigliani, Muth and Simon in scheduling over time to minimize costs."
"Overall, bias from both sides leads to a $33 increase in average payment per loan compared with a benchmark case with no bias."
"The model differs from earlier well-known studies involving concave cost functions in the introduction of production capacity constraints."
"The potential significance of the model is demonstrated by generating a series of aggregate plans for various learning rates."
"If the service speed is chosen by the service provider, what is the optimal “quality–speed trade-off”?"
"Given this heterogeneity, we compare the strategic behavior of revenue-maximizing and welfare-maximizing specialists and prove that the former will serve a smaller patient population, spend more time with the patients, and have shorter waiting times."
"These models fall into the purview of the theory of two-person games, and the main results concern the maximin and minimax theories of these games."
"In this paper, we study dynamic alliance formation among agents in competitive markets."
"This approach is applied to hub-and-spoke networks (i.e., center-terminal networks), by first analytically modeling the stochastic processes representing various stock-control variables, and then comparing the analytical results to monte-carlo simulations."
"Another finding of our research is that two totally different technology development paths can both be optimal solutions, which implies that with early policy interventions there is the possibility that an economy could be led to a low-carbon economy with little additional cost."
"Finally, we show that PS, as an inventory-management mechanism, can create a win–win situation, both improving profit and increasing social welfare."
"We find greater support for quality-based learning models that assume learning is a function of both proactive investments in quality improvement and autonomous learning-by-doing, than for models that assume learning is a function of reactive investments in quality improvement alone."
"Results also show that issuing statements suspending or maintaining the endorser both yield more positive ARs than not reacting at all."
"Salomon, M., L. G. Kroon, R. Kuik, L. N. Van Wassenhove."
"We present an alternative abstraction of an English (oral ascending) auction to the standard, in Milgrom and Weber (1982), that accords more closely with practices in some auction markets."
"This study provides numerous insights."
"The first experiment tests the hypothesis that cost and sales estimations are made with the implicit assumption that a biased pay-off structure exists."
"Adding domain knowledge to a learning system is known to improve results."
"Our findings challenge the traditional account that lowering the cost of imitation has a disincentive effect on the investment decisions of pioneer entrepreneurs and provide evidence that a more lenient appropriability regime may, unexpectedly, have positive effects on entrepreneurship."
"In contrast the utility model in Experiment 3 is assessed as is traditionally done assuming constant risk attitude across gains and losses."
"Our analysis reveals that, if one considers exogenous the relations between actors, brokers can enjoy an advantage but only if (1) they do not face substitutes either for the connections they offer or the value they can create, (2) they intermediate more than two parties, and (3) interdependence does not lock them into a particular pattern of exchange."
"The authors study markets for information goods and find that they differ significantly from markets for traditional industrial goods."
"The problem of scheduling n jobs on m identical processors has been introduced by R. McNaughton, but as yet no efficient algorithm has been found for determining an optimal sequencing of jobs."
"One period later, the multiperiod problem is updated as better forecasts become available and the process is repeated."
"failure"
"February) 225–236; Joglekar, P., M. Hamburg."
"We investigate the benefits of migrating from a call center, where all agents are pooled and customers are treated indifferently by any agent, toward a call center where customers are grouped into clusters with dedicated teams of agents."
"William J. Baumol."
"These assumptions are not satisfied in many applications, and the out-of-sample performance of policies that optimize a misspecified model can be poor."
"failure"
"The arguments focus on a specific case in point: the behavioral theory of organizational decline and the economic modeling of immediate exit."
"Properties are presented for the deterministic equivalents in general and in the special case of the simple recourse model."
"A particular technique with this property is the technique of job evaluation."
"To be successful, an organization must broadly search for good sets of decisions, but it must also stabilize around good decisions once discovered."
"A sponsor is someone who advocates for a protégé, and in doing so, takes a stake in her success."
"The Professional Bureaucracy relies on the standardization of skills in its operating core for coordination; jobs are highly specialized but minimally formalized, training is extensive and grouping is on a concurrent functional and market basis, with large sized operating units, and decentralization is extensive in both the vertical and horizontal dimensions; this structure is typically found in complex but stable environments, with technical systems that are simple and non-regulating."
"Unfortunately these additional constraints are nonlinear."
"It is shown that the same mathematical framework can be extended beyond pair-wise connections, to the determination of optimum linked paths over a series of points."
"This paper develops a framework for modelling risky debt and valuing credit derivatives that is flexible and simple to implement, and that is, to the maximum extent possible, based on observables."
"Optimization is accomplished via linear programming."
"The focus of this study of Canadian top executives and R&D managers is the investigation of these tradeoffs and how they differ among executives and industries."
"We extend our analysis to other financial companies and show that they also tend to vote more favorably when it comes to their peers."
"The experience shows that operations research models can be useful in providing an objective rationale for administrative decisions, thus playing an important role in the resolution of political conflict."
"We find that producers previously associated with Weinstein are, on average, about 35% more likely to work with female writers after the scandal than they were before, relative to nonassociated producers, and the size of this effect increases with the intensity of the association."
"Based on a simple model and an explicit criterion—the aggregate debt repayments—the measure is defined for each institution, affected by its characteristics and links to others."
"in this journal provides useful foundations for the regret approach to decision theory."
"The manufacturer prefers EMC if collaboration leads to a large reduction in unit cost and/or demand variability is low."
"failure"
"This allows us to obtain interesting insights that have implications for how an organization should employ anticircumvention measures."
"Examples of decaying inventories include alcohol, certain types of food items, and radioactive materials."
"Typically being a one-person business based at home, SOHO owners mostly rely on office information technology to single handedly run their entire operation."
"In approaching my assignment I would like to shift the emphasis slightly in order to discuss possible repercussions of a developing science of management on mathematics as well as possible repercussions of mathematical developments for the science of management."
"Book Reviews—Hall, Arthur D. A methodology for systems engineering."
"The novel results on racial inequality in start-up financing indicate that Black-owned start-ups start smaller and stay smaller over the entire first eight years of their existence."
"We also characterize equilibrium behavior under two other pricing procedures—a sealed-bid procedure and a direct revelation mechanism."
"In this note we offer a proof which appeals primarily to the properties of linear programs that an optimal solution exists involving only pure strategies."
"These formulas perform better than the best currently-available formulas when the subjective distribution is not restricted to be beta."
"1972 Multiparametric linear programming."
"In this paper, knowledge creation is considered as a path-dependent evolutionary process that involves recombining knowledge spread over time."
"Specifically, this paper explores differences in investment patterns of firms that implement RI-based compensation plans conditional on whether the firms switched from earnings or return on investment (ROI)–based compensation."
"Thus, the insurer has adequate incentives to perform its monitoring function without resorting to a high deductible."
"The greatest parameter change occurred in λ, which decreased from 0.245 to 0.235, p < 0.001."
"Health and safety risks are compared with financial risks, and the differences pertinent for risk evaluation and management are described."
"Furthermore, we provide a tight bound on the utility loss for this scheme."
"Our paper highlights the role of experienced workers’ mobility in building new firm capabilities and provides novel insights into industrialization in developing economies."
"Both exact and approximate solution procedures are presented, where most of these are based on several linear inequalities that permit this problem to be approximated by a number of ordinary (integer or noninteger) linear programming problems."
"We apply our technique to study credit risk spillovers among a group of 17 sovereigns and their respective financial sectors between January 2006 and December 2017."
"In contrast to previous efforts to model an individual's movement from wage work into entrepreneurship, we consider that individuals might transition incrementally by retaining their wage job while entering into self-employment."
"Several possible regression models for this purpose are examined."
"1996."
"Decision models involving continuous probability distributions almost always require some form of approximation."
"Moreover, when multiple Nash equilibria exist, a different pair of equilibria is obtained under the alternate assumption."
"Similarly, the availability of market share information leads to more aggressive pricing even when profits are held constant."
"Several areas where additional research is needed are noted and recommendations are made concerning what the nature of such research should be."
"Data are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2660.This paper was accepted by Teck-Hua Ho, judgment and decision making."
"Interestingly, the business model that platforms adopt crucially determines the optimal strategy."
"Our results suggest that the methods perform satisfactorily."
"Consequently, the assistance process affects the level of cooperation and payoffs."
"The proposed method is able to find the full set of nondominated points."
"We prove that in equilibrium, imposing or increasing a market-based undersupply penalty rate in a period can result in a strictly larger renewable energy commitment at all prices in the associated day-ahead market, and can lead to lower equilibrium reliability in all periods with probability 1."
"Second, a model/method is selected among several run in parallel using out-of-sample information."
"The results are robust to controlling for other dimensions of financial policy—cash holdings, debt maturity, dividends, preferred stock, convertible debt, and leverage—that also affect real investment."
"This paper was accepted by Serguei Netessine, operations management."
"Yuan, J. S. C. 1967."
"The study attempts to relate the scientific process of synthesizing a formal model with the psychological and socio-political processes of decision making in a complex system during a crisis."
"This paper argues that the present conception of universal knowledge as generalized findings is incomplete and has limited the role of cross-national research to one of validating results obtained from single-nation studies."
"The federal Medicaid program is analyzed using the methodology to assess the impact of the policy variable—differential federal matching ratio—on the per capita expenditure from state and local sources."
"Externalities cause two stable usage equilibria to exist, one with the old technology being the standard and the other with the new technology the standard."
"This paper examines the theoretical properties of full-cost transfer prices in multidivisional firms."
"However, research on the applicability of the concept in different technological environments remains scarce."
"We formulate this NP-hard problem as a mixed integer linear program and propose an algorithm to solve it that is effective in providing itineraries for the controllers working for the agency."
"The procedure insures that no task is assigned to a work station before all tasks which technologically must be performed before it have been assigned (precedence restrictions are not violated), and that the total time required at each work station performing the tasks assigned to it does not exceed the time available (cycle time restrictions are not violated)."
"The procedure is computationally tractable for the auctioneer and thus very efficient to run."
"Using a Bayesian persuasion framework, we find that public information provisioning, in which the firm sends the same information to all customers, has limited value."
"Moreover, we give a characterization of when nesting by fare order is optimal."
"In equilibrium, fill rates are less than first best."
"As a result, problems of realistic size can be solved efficiently using standard, commercially available mathematical programming codes."
"The criterion of the model is a minimization of the sum of these costs: the cost of customer waiting, the cost of fixed work, and the cost of changing tasks."
"The benefits to the client are no longer increasing with retention and no longer decreasing with the number of payments."
"We find that microstructure measures of information asymmetry seem to capture adverse selection in corporate bond trading reasonably well."
"4) The production cost, at each possible plant, may be divided into two parts: (a) a fixed charge supported only if there is some production; (b) a linear unit cost."
"Results of a computational study on randomly generated single-product problems are also presented."
"In the first, in which a man's production rate is independent of the line to which he is assigned, a simple rule “group the fastest men in the same line” is shown to be optimal."
"Third, quality differentiation in terms of improved on-time delivery can help a firm to compete more effectively or to preempt competitors and protect a market advantage."
"Professor Koopmans does not take adequate account of this lack of precision—e.g., in his discussion of the computing methods—perhaps because he restricted himself to a very short preface."
"The results presented in this paper extend previous results on investment behavior for long-lasting (irreversible) decisions; in addition, some results are in accordance with existing ones from portfolio theory and/or search theory."
"After finding a new job, users contribute 23.7% less in reputation-generating activity; by contrast, they reduce their non–reputation-generating activity by only 7.4%."
"Management Science, Vol."
"The most interesting condition involves the variation in the demand distribution over intervals of length equal to the vehicle capacity."
"Uncertain and dynamic environments present fundamental challenges to managers of the new product development process."
"Third, acquisition channels contribute differently to the total customer pool—offline WOM acquisitions are clustered, whereas magazine acquisitions are dispersed."
"Finally, we use insights from the model to suggest hypotheses for empirical study."
"Furthermore, they cover traditional renewable and nonrenewable resource constraints as special cases."
"Furthermore, a VMI supplier has the liberty of controlling the downstream resupply decisions rather than filling orders as they are placed."
"This relationship is stronger in business environments that are characterized by faster clockspeeds."
"The authors show that guaranteeing women equal representation among winners increases their entry."
"The linguistic model (1) uses the theory of fuzzy sets to aggregate these common linguistic values and (2) returns a linguistic aggregate evaluation of the control system under review."
"Management Sci.18(1, September) 84–86.]"
"In addition, uncertainty related to a lack of firm or industry experience with such projects increases the magnitude of upstream rework but not downstream rework or the amount of cooperative planning."
"Management Sci."
"The Council of TIMS has approved a motion, recommended to it by the Advisory Committee on International Management Science Centers, and resolving that TIMS should offer its support for an International Center for Management Sciences at the University of Louvain, under the direction of Professor Jacques H. Drèze."
"In this paper we develop a theory which leads to a procedure to approximate the criticality indices of all the activities without going through the above three steps."
"This paper explores how prominent venture capitalists (VCs) affect chief executive officer (CEO) replacement in startups."
"The presence of the behavioral motives reinstates the profitability of markdown over everyday low price, in sharp contrast to prior studies of only strategic motives that suggest the contrary."
"We also find that social marketing strategies are particularly well suited for self-replicating innovative goods under Strong Replication."
"Biasing techniques corresponding to “first come first serve,” random choice of jobs ready at each machine and combinations of these two extremes were used to compute distributions of schedule times."
"Philadelphia: Lankenau Hospital, 1968, plastic binder $4.50;—Novick, David, ed.,"
"We consider a variety of contracts, all based on our observations of contracts used by one large vendor."
"In the B2C case, cars are driven all the time by full-time drivers taking rides even if these are not motivated by their private needs."
"Marketing strategy and the optimal production schedule."
"The procedure has also been used in other government procurements and appears to be applicable in a variety of project funding processes."
"The aim of this paper is to shed additional light on these conditions and introduce specific variants of them, which are often easier to check."
"Because understanding charitable motives has important implications for auction design and charities' fundraising strategies, this study investigates bidders' specific types of charitable motives and the strength of these motives."
"In applying multiattribute utility theory, one typically assumes the condition of mutual utility independence and uses a multiattribute utility function that is additive or multiplicative."
"We find empirical evidence that is consistent with the theoretical predictions with book data from Amazon.com and BN.com."
"When bidders incur a cost to learn their valuations, bidder entry can impact auction performance."
"Assuming that the demand is constant over time, the times between deal offerings are exponentially distributed and that the order leadtimes are negligible, we derive expressions for evaluating the operating characteristics of the model."
"The results suggest that both the partners experience significant short-term financial gains, but there are considerable asymmetries between the larger and smaller firms with regard to the effects of alliance, partner, and firm characteristics on the gains of the partner firms."
"This procedure, referred to as the cut search algorithm, locates directly the minimal cut in a flow network structure."
"For products that base on a similar technology, it is plausible that consumers use the information signals of one product’s technological efficiency to help them update their belief about another product’s technological efficiency within the same product category."
"This is followed by briefer discussions of its application in other areas."
"Wide-spread use of these ideas has been hampered by the large amount of computation that the basic “total-requirements” matrix T involves."
"An important first step in facility layout is the determination of which machines should be adjacent."
"We demonstrate that information asymmetry in bond trading has explanatory power for corporate bond yield spreads, and this result holds after controlling for the transaction costs of liquidity, credit risk, and other traditional bond pricing factors."
"Failure to express minority views may distort the behavior of company boards, committees, juries, and other decision-making bodies."
"Specifically, we investigate whether water scarcity, which results from environmental conditions, influences manufacturing firms to lower their toxic releases to the environment."
"In this paper, a new class of matrices 𝔐 is developed."
"The degree of complexity of a critical path network may be classified by calculating a Coefficient of Network Complexity."
"The purpose of this paper is to describe an algorithm for determining the return distribution that will result when option positions are taken on stocks in a portfolio."
"Some possible reasons for these results are explored."
"which present information to a decision-maker by means of stories."
"Optimal policies are, in a typical scenario, characterized by nested sales, where the firm offers partial discounts throughout each cycle, offers a significant discount halfway through the cycle, and holds its largest discount at the end of the cycle."
"These results yield important implications for how work should be organized, and for future research into the learning process."
"I characterize in detail a unique dynamic equilibrium of common stock, subordinated contingent capital, and a senior standard bond under a simple yet sufficient and necessary condition that can be implemented easily."
"Our empirical results, obtained using 39 years of initial public offering (IPO) data, are generally consistent with the implicit collusion hypothesis that banks, especially larger ones, seem to internalize the effects of their underwriting fees and IPO pricing on their rivals."
"A primal method for minimal cost flows with applications to the assignment and transportation problems."
"This paper describes a method of minimizing a strictly convex quadratic functional of several variables constrained by a system of linear inequalities."
"A possible explanation is that the chosen penalties were too low (the commitment was too weak) to overcome clients’ self-control problems."
"This gap model of service quality is used in this paper to study how a firm might choose a delivery-time commitment to influence its customer expectation, and delivery quality in order to maximize its market share."
"failure"
"After controlling for factors such as trainee's learning and technology orientation, age, education, and call center experience, results show that simulation training outperforms role-playing-based training in terms of both accuracy and speed of processing customer calls."
"This paper presents estimates of cash flows associated with a given warranty policy."
"We also show that offline entry decreases consumers' sensitivity to online price discounts."
"The second study uses the activity network of messages exchanged to confirm that the effects are driven by competition for attention."
"We find that firms pay a significant premium for an MBA."
"Among network techniques recently widely employed in program management, Pert is addressed to the problem of assessing the manager's chances of completing a project on time."
"Maintaining such relationships is often the key to determining optimal levels of policy and managerial interventions."
"This paper studies a monopolist firm selling a fixed capacity."
"The traditional compensatory multi-attribute model persists in being inconsistent with empirical findings."
"The model still has the useful properties of the standard model, enabling the use of efficient algorithms."
"failure"
"The multivariate exponential smoothing model of Enns, Machak, Spivey and Wrobleski is examined and it is found that its structure is such that it can be estimated by using techniques designed for a univariate exponential smoothing model."
"Methods are also given for the computation of optimal production schedules for certain kinds of requirements schedules."
"Hedge fund firms can choose to simultaneously offer a fund of hedge funds."
"The parameters of the model are estimated by the two-stage least-squares method."
"We develop a dynamic model of a durable product market in which the demand functions are developed from a micromodeling of consumer utility functions and an equilibrium analysis of consumer strategies."
"Books Received"
"We focus on two fundamentally different forms of TMT diversity: functional-background (FB) and locus-of-control (LOC)."
"We also devote our attention to the development of physical goods, although much of the work we describe applies to products of all kinds."
"The use of these two features invokes two new discrete choice experiment methods: separated dual response (SDR), with just the first feature, and separated adaptive dual response (SADR), with both features."
"This learning pattern was demonstrated in three simulations with different combinations that were specified to capture different aspects of escalation of commitment."
"In addition, the OEM’s profit and supply chain efficiency are higher in the dyadic supply chain than the assembly system."
"The insight for management: Overly integrated supply chains may hinder competitive differentiation and thus product adoption and market potential."
"Our empirical test using real-world executive compensation data lends strong support to the model prediction."
"We also find that producers do not sacrifice writer experience by hiring more female writers and that both experienced and novice female writers have benefited from the increased demand."
"If the online waiting cost is relatively low and the store visiting cost is even lower, BOPS can induce omni-customers to migrate from online buying to BOPS, leading to demand pooling at the brick-and-mortar (B&M) store."
"The purpose of this paper is to present and analyze the difficulties encountered in a single, but representative, area of decision-making, namely, equipment replacement."
"The method has been the subject of intense investigations for many years, but some major aspects of its behavior are not fully understood yet."
"The model has a finite horizon and permits nonstationary costs and demand distributions."
"Interestingly, if either firm can hold the line on prices, both firms are generally more profitable."
"Linear programming and sequential decisions."
"New York: Appleton-Century-Crofts, 1967, $4.25, 62 pp and Cox, Keith K. (ed.),"
"In this paper we develop a measure of liquidity, price impact, which quantifies the change in a firm's stock price associated with its observed net trading volume."
"Second, such incentive scheme should bypass the inefficient consumers (e.g., the “poor”) but should instead target consumers who act efficiently and have a high demand (e.g., the “rich”)."
"We model an individual's tendency to search as a logarithmic process, finding that shoppers search across very few sites in a given shopping month."
"Area per server is determined as a function of call arrival rate, desired average response time, and service time parameters."
"To address this concern, we propose a model pooling approach to develop a fund-specific benchmark obtained by pooling a set of diverse attribution models."
"We examine several hypotheses to explain this finding, focusing on group internal capital markets and knowledge spillovers."
"Numerical experiments by several authors have suggested that such policies perform well as the lead time difference between the two sources grows large, which is exactly the setting in which the curse of dimensionality leads to the problem becoming intractable."
"We develop an empirical model using financial data for 311 publicly listed retail firms for the years 1987–2000 to investigate the correlation of inventory turnover with gross margin, capital intensity, and sales surprise (the ratio of actual sales to expected sales for the year)."
"So General Electric is drawing heavily on the collective research of TIMS and ORSA members."
"We show that this can lead to chaotic behavior when the equilibrium is unstable."
"failure"
"A general bound, of which the EEI bound is a special case, is proposed."
