
A Theory of Political Transitions.
A child health production function estimated from longitudinal data.
A generalized empirical model of corruption, foreign direct investment, and growth.
A pint a day raises a man’s pay; but smoking blows that gain away.
Access to Migration for Rural Households.
Access to markets and rural poverty: Evidence from household consumption in China.
Adult Child Migration and the Health of Elderly Parents Left Behind in Mexico.
African polygamy: Past and present.
Africa’s Growth Tragedy: Policies and Ethnic Divisions.
Aggregating governance indicators.
Aid and Growth: What Does the Cross-Country Evidence Really Show?
Air Pollution and Infant Health: What Can We Learn from California’s Recent Experience?
Air pollution and infant health: Lessons from New Jersey.
Alone but better off? Adult child migration and health of elderly parents in Moldova.
An Investigation into the Determinants of Flight Cancellations.
An instrumental variables approach to estimating tax revenue elasticities: Evidence from Sub-Saharan Africa.
Anchored in the past: Persistent price effects of obsolete vineyard ratings in France.
Are Ghettos Good or Bad?
Are public housing projects good for kids?
Asymmetric Effects of Corruption on FDI: Evidence from Swedish Multinational Firms.
Automobile Prices in Market Equilibrium.
Baby Boomer retirement security: The roles of planning, financial literacy, and housing wealth.
Bank concentration, competition, and crises: First results.
Birthplace diversity and economic prosperity.
Blunt Instruments: Avoiding Common Pitfalls in Identifying  the  Causes  of  Economic  Growth.
Book production and the onset of modern economic growth.
Can cultural norms reduce conflicts? Confucianism and peasant rebellions in Qing China.
Can family caregiving substitute for nursing home care?
Can institutions explain cross country differences in innovative activity?
Caring for mom and neglecting yourself? The health effects of caring for an elderly parent.
Catastrophic Natural Disasters and Economic Growth.
Causes of Sprawl: A Portrait from Space.
Child gender and the transition to marriage.
Childhood health and the wantedness of male and female children.
Children and Their Parents’ Labor Supply: Evidence from Exogenous Variation in Family Size.
Church-state separation and redistribution.
Cities and cultures.
Civic Virtue and Labor Market Institutions.
Climbing to the top? Foreign direct investment and property rights.
Conflict, Climate, and Cells: A Disaggregated Analysis.
Consistency without Inference: Instrumental Variables in Practical Application.
Consumption Dynamics During Recessions.
Consumption smoothing? Livestock, insurance and drought in rural Burkina Faso.
Corruption and Growth.
Corruption and the composition of government expenditure.
Corruption in bank lending to firms: Cross-country micro evidence on the beneficial role of competition and information sharing.
Credit Supply and the Price of Housing.
Creditor rights, information sharing, and bank risk taking.
Crime and Immigration: Evidence from large immigrant waves.
Cultural diversity and economic growth: Evidence from the US during the age of mass migration.
Cultural similarity as in-group favoritism: The impact of religious and ethnic similarities on alliance formation and announcement returns.
Culture, Work Attitudes, and Job Search: Evidence from the Swiss Language Border.
Culture, openness, and finance.
Cursing the Blessings? Natural Resource Abundance, Institutions, and Economic Growth.
Customer Discrimination and Employment Outcomes: Theory and Evidence from the French Labor Market.
Dams.
Debt and the Response to Household Income Shocks: Validation and Application of Linked Financial Account Data.
Democracy, Volatility, and Economic Development.
Development Effects of Electrification: Evidence from the Topographic Placement of Hydropower Plants in Brazil.
Diversity and Employment Prospects: Neighbors Matter!
Do Immigrant Inflows Lead to Native Outflows?
Do Migrants Improve Governance at Home? Evidence from a Voting Experiment.
Do Output Contractions Trigger Democratic Change?
Do bank regulation, supervision and monitoring enhance or impede bank efficiency?
Do immigrants cause crime?
Do immigrants improve the health of natives?
Do international students crowd-out or cross-subsidize Americans in higher education?
Do political protests matter? Evidence from the Tea  Party Movement.
Dodging the grabbing hand: the determinants of unofficial activity in 69 countries.
Does Clean Water Make You Dirty? Water Supply and Sanitation in the Philippines.
Does Competition Among Public Schools Benefit Students and Taxpayers?
Does Competition among Public Schools Benefit Students and Taxpayers?
Does Culture Affect Economic Outcomes?
Does Immigration Affect Whether US Natives Major in Science and Engineering?
Does Industrial Composition Matter for Wages? A Test of Search and Bargaining Theory.
Does Trade Cause Growth?
Does labor diversity promote en- trepreneurship?
Drought and saving in West Africa: are livestock a buffer stock?
Early childhood nutrition and academic achievement: a longitudinal analysis.
Economic Activity and the Spread of Viral Diseases: Evidence from High Frequency Data.
Economic Shocks and Civil Conflict: An Instrumental Variables Approach.
Economic determinants of land invasions.
Economic growth, size of the agricultural sector, and urbanization in Africa.
Economic shocks and civil conflict: Evidence from foreign interest rate movements.
Economics, History, and Causation.
Education and religious participation: city-level evidence from Germany’s secularization period 1890–1930.
Education, religion, and voter preference in a Muslim country.
Educational mismatch, wages, and wage growth: Overeducation in Sweden, 1974-2000.
Effect of immigrant nurses on labor market outcomes of US nurses.
Effects of transitory shocks to aggregate output on consumption in poor countries.
Egalitarianism, Cultural Distance, and Foreign Direct Investment: A New Approach.
Elderly Care and Intrafamily Resource Allocation when Children Migrate.
Electricity shortages and firm productivity: Evidence from China’s industrial firms.
Enforcement of pollution levies in China.
Estimating Life Cycle labor Supply Tax Effects.
Ethnic Diversity and Poverty.
Ethnic diversity and firms’ export behavior.
Ethnic diversity, social sanctions, and public goods in Kenya.
Ethnic divisions, trust, and the size of the informal sector.
Europe’s Tired, Poor, Huddled Masses: Self-Selection and Economic Outcomes in the Age of Mass Migration.
Evidence on the political economy of the urbanization process.
Excess of Like Sexed Pairs of Dizygotic Twins.
Exogenous volatility and the size of government in developing countries.
Explaining the Unexplained: Residual Wage Inequality, Manufacturing Decline and Low-skilled Immigration.
Exporting and firm performance: Chinese exporters and the Asian Financial Crisis.
Fair weather or foul? The macroeconomic effects of El Niño.
Family size and child outcomes: Is there really no trade-off?
Family-firm risk-taking: Does religion matter?
Federal competition and economic growth.
Female migration: A way out of discrimination?
Fertility and female labor supply in Latin America: New causal evidence.
Financial Constraints and Moral Hazard: The Case of Franchising.
Financial intermediation and growth: Some robustness results.
Finishing High School and Starting College: Do Catholic Schools Make a Difference?
Food prices and the multiplier effect of trade policy.
Foreign nurse importation and the supply of native nurses.
Fractionalization and the size of government.
Fractionalization.
Grandchildren and their grandparents’ labor supply.
Growth and shocks: evidence from rural Ethiopia.
Harvests and Business Cycles in Nineteenth-Century America.
Health, Enterprise, and Labor Complementarity in the Household.
Hierarchical accountability in government.
Highways and productivity in manufacturing firms.
House Prices, Home Equity-Based Borrowing, and the US Household Leverage Crisis.
House prices and birth rates: The impact of the real estate market on the decision to have a baby.
Household Balance Sheets, Consumption, and the Economic Slump.
Household bargaining over fertility: Theory and evidence from Malaysia.
Housing Constraints and Spatial Misallocation.
Housing supply and housing bubbles.
How Do Electricity Shortages Affect Industry? Evidence from India.
How Do Industries and Firms Respond to Changes in Local Labor Supply?
How Does Social Trust Affect Economic Growth?
How democracy affects growth.
How do very open economies adjust to large immigration flows? Evidence from Spanish regions.
Identification and Estimation of Local Average Treatment Effects.
Identification and Inference With Many Invalid Instruments.
Identifying Supply and Demand Elasticities of Agricultural Commodities: Implications for the US Ethanol Mandate.
Immigrant Inflows, Native Outflows, and the Local Labor Market Impacts of Higher Immigration.
Immigrants, domestic labor and women’s retirement decisions.
Immigration and House Prices in the UK.
Immigration and Ideas: What Did Russian Scientists
Immigration and Inequality.
Immigration and Prices.
Immigration and Voting for the Far Right.
Immigration and housing rents in American cities.
Immigration and the public-private school choice.
Immigration and the reallocation of work health risks.
Immigration en- forcement and economic resources of children with likely unauthorized parents.
Immigration, Family Responsibilities and the Labor Supply of Skilled Native Women.
Immigration, Offshoring, and American Jobs.
Immigration, jobs, and employment protection: evidence from Europe before and during the Great Recession.
Immigration, skill mix, and capital skill complementarity.
Immigration, trade and productivity in services: Evidence from U.K. firms.
Impact of Immigration on Inhabitants’ Educational Investments.
Impact of Low-Skilled Immigration on Female Labour Supply.
In?School Work Experience and the Returns to Schooling.
Industrial output fluctuations in developing countries: General equilibrium consequences of agricultural productivity shocks.
Inequality and City Size.
Inequality and Violent Crime.
Informal care and Medicare expenditures: Testing for heterogeneous treatment effects.
Informal care and health care use of older adults.
Information technology and economic change: The impact of the printing press.
Initial conditions and moment restrictions in dynamic panel data models.
Inside the Family Firm: The Role of Families in Succession Decisions and Performance.
Institutional quality and trade: which institutions?
Institutions Rule: The Primacy of Institutions Over Geography and Integration in Economic Development.
Instrumenting education and the returns to schooling in the Netherlands.
Intertemporal substitution in labor supply: Micro evidence from rural India.
Investigating the determinants of household welfare in Côte d’Ivoire.
Is life more risky in the open? Household risk-coping and the opening of China’s labor markets.
Is the Melting Pot Still Hot? Explaining the Resurgence of Immigrant Segregation.
Is the relationship between aid and economic growth nonlinear?
Is universal child care leveling the playing field?
Jewish communities and city growth in preindustrial Europe.
Land and Credit: A Study of the Political Economy of Banking in the United States in the Early 20th Century.
Language Skills and Earnings: Evidence from Childhood Immigrants.
Language and urban labor market segmentation: Theory and evidence.
Law, endowments, and finance.
Local Environmental Quality and Interjurisdictional Spillovers.
Local religious norms, corporate social responsibility, and firm value.
Long-lasting income shocks and adaptations: Evidence from coral bleaching in Indonesia.
Low Skilled Immigration and Work-Fertility Tradeoffs among High Skilled US Natives.
Low-Skilled Immigration and the Labor Supply of Highly Skilled Women.
Luther and the Girls: Religious Denomination and the Female Education Gap in Nineteenth-Century Prussia.
Making Yourself Attractive: Pre-Marital Investments and the Returns to Education in the Marriage Market.
Malthus living in a slum: Urban concentration, infrastructure and economic growth.
Mark my words: Information and the fear of declaring an exchange rate regime.
Marriage Institutions and Sibling Competition: Evidence from South Asia.
Media ownership, concentration and corruption in bank lending.
Meet the Parents? Family Size and  the Geographic Proximity Between Adult Children and Older Mothers in Sweden.
Migration networks and microenterprises in Mexico.
Migration of skilled workers and innovation: A European Perspective.
Migration, Diversity, and Economic Growth.
Mobile money and risk sharing against village shocks.
Mood, firm behavior, and aggregate economic outcomes.
More hands, more power? Estimating the impact of immigration on output and technology choices using early 20th century US agriculture.
Mr. Rossi, Mr. Hu and politics. The role of immigration in shaping natives’ voting behavior.
Natural disasters and the effect of trade on income: A new panel IV approach.
Networks in Conflict: Theory and Evidence From the Great War of Africa.
Networks in the Modern Economy: Mexican Migrants in the U. S. Labor Market.
O brother, where art thou? The effects of having a sibling on geographic mobility and labour market outcomes.
On the origins of land use regulations: Theory and evidence from US metro areas.
Openness and income: The roles of trade and migration.
Organized crime and business subsidies: Where does the money go?
Panic on the Streets of London: Police, Crime, and the July 2005 Terror Attacks.
Parental Educational Investment and Children’s Academic Risk: Estimates of the Impact of Sibship Size and Birth Order from Exogenous Variation in Fertility.
Participation in Heterogeneous Communities.
Party Discipline and Environmental Policy: The Role of
People and Machines: A Look at the Evolving Relationship between Capital and Skill in Manufacturing, 1860-1930, Using Immigration Shocks.
People’s opium? Religion and economic attitudes.
Political Jurisdictions in Heterogeneous Communities.
Politics, unemployment, and the enforcement of immigration law.
Popular protest and political budget cycles: A panel data analysis.
Population Size and Civil Conflict Risk: Is there a Causal Link?
Poverty and Witch Killing.
Poverty and crime in 19th century Germany.
Power outages and firm performance in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Precautionary Behavior, Migrant Networks, and Household Consumption Decisions: An Empirical Analysis Using Household Panel Data from Rural China.
Precommitments for Financial Self-Control? Micro Evidence from the 2003 Korean Credit Crisis.
Printing and Protestants: An Empirical Test of the Role of Printing in the Reformation.
Private information in currency markets.
Public Goods and Ethnic Divisions.
Quality, trade, and exchange rate pass-through.
Quantile regression analysis of body mass and wages.
Quasi-experimental impact estimates of immigrant labor supply shocks: The role of treatment and comparison group matching and relative skill composition.
Racial Group Affinity and Religious Giving: Evidence from Congregation-Level Panel Data.
Racial Harassment, Ethnic Concentration, and Economic Conditions.
Rain and impatience: Evidence from rural Ethiopia.
Rain and the Democratic Window of Opportunity.
Rainfall, financial development, and remittances: Evidence from Sub-Saharan Africa.
Relational contracts and global sourcing.
Religion and Economy.
Religion and work: Micro evidence from contemporary Germany.
Religion, moral attitudes and economic behavior.
Religious Market Structure, Religious Participation, and Outcomes: Is Religion Good for You?
Religious riots and electoral politics in India.
Respect, responsibility, and development.
Rethinking the area approach: Immigrants and the labor market in California.
Reusing Natural Experiments.
Revolt on the Nile: Economic shocks, religion, and political power.
Risk Sharing and Transactions Costs: Evidence from Kenya’s Mobile Money Revolution.
Risk and Time Preferences: Linking Experimental and Household Survey Data from Vietnam.
Risk, Financial Markets, and Human Capital in a Developing Country.
SMEs, Growth, and Poverty: Cross-Country Evidence.
STEM Workers, H-1B Visas, and Productivity in US Cities.
Schooling Externalities, Technology, and Productivity: Theory and Evidence from U.S. States.
Schooling and smoking.
Seasonal effects of water quality:  The hidden costs  of the Green Revolution to infant and child health in India.
Seasonality of income and poverty in Bangladesh.
Selling Labor Low: Wage Responses to Productivity Shocks in Developing Countries.
Sequential Labor Decisions Under Uncertainty: An Estimable Household Model of West-African Farmers.
Sequential Markets, Market Power, and Arbitrage.
Sex Preferences, Marital Dissolution, and the Economic Status of Women.
Shift-Share Instruments and the Impact of Immigration.
Skilled Immigration and Innovation: Evidence from Enrolment Fluctuations in US Doctoral Programmes.
Skilled Immigration and the Employment Structures of US Firms.
Small Family, Smart Family? Family Size and the IQ Scores of Young Men.
Smoothing Consumption by Smoothing Income: Hours-of-Work Responses to Idiosyncratic Agricultural Shocks in Rural India.
Social Cohesion, Religious Beliefs, and the Effect of Protestantism on Suicide.
Social capital and access to primary health care in developing countries: Evidence from Sub-Saharan Africa.
Soil Endowments, Female Labor Force Participation, and the Demographic Deficit of Women in India.
Some Tests of Specification for Panel Data: Monte Carlo Evidence and an Application to Employment Equations.
Something to Talk About: Social Spillovers in Movie Consumption.
Specification Tests in Econometrics.
State Capacity and Economic Development: A Network Approach.
Strong versus weak ties in migration.
Subways and urban growth: Evidence from earth.
Superstar Cities.
Tailspotting: Identifying and profiting from CEO vacation trips.
Task Specialization, Immigration, and Wages.
Tax burden and migration: a political economy theory and evidence.
Temperature and Decisions: Evidence from 207,000 Court Cases.
Terrorism risk and democratic preferences in Pakistan.
Testing Efficient Risk Sharing with Heterogeneous Risk Preferences.
The Best Things in Life are (Nearly) Free: Technology, Knowledge, and Global Health.
The Capital Structure Decisions of New Firms.
The Career Costs of Children.
The Church Versus the Mall: What Happens When Religion Faces Increased Secular Competition?
The Collateral Channel: How Real Estate Shocks Affect Corporate Investment.
The Consequences of Industrialization: Evidence from Water Pollution and Digestive Cancers in China.
The Consequences of Mortgage Credit Expansion: Evidence from the
The Demand for Sons.
The Diffusion of Mexican Immigrants During the 1990s: Explanations and Impacts.
The Dynamics of Criminal Behavior: Evidence from Weather Shocks.
The Economic Consequences of Unwed Motherhood: Using Twin Births as a Natural Experiment.
The Economic Growth Impact of Hurricanes: Evidence from U.S. Coastal Counties.
The Economic Returns to Social Interaction: Experimental Evidence from Microfinance.
The Effect of Housing on Portfolio Choice.
The Effect of Illicit Drug Use on the Wages of Young Adults.
The Effect of Immigration along the Distribution of Wages.
The Effect of Internal Migration on Local Labor Markets: American Cities during the Great Depression.
The Effect of Low-Skilled Immigration on U.S. Prices: Evidence from CPI Data.
The Effect of Marital Breakup on the Income Distribution of Women with Children.
The Effect of Sibling Sex Composition on Women’s Education and Earnings.
The Effects of Catholic Secondary Schooling on Educational Achievement.
The Effects of Childbearing on Married Women’s Labor Supply and Earnings: Using Twin Births as a Natural Experiment.
The Effects of Immigration on the Labor Market Outcomes of Less-skilled Natives.
The Elusive Curse of Oil.
The Endogeneity between Language and Earnings: International Analyses.
The Enduring Impact of the American Dust Bowl: Short- and Long-Run Adjustments to Environmental Catastrophe.
The Evolution of the Black-White Test Score Gap in Grades K-3: The Fragility of Results.
The Geographic Concentration of Enterprise in Developing Countries.
The Geographic Determinants of Housing Supply.
The Impact of Immigration on the British Labour Market.
The Impact of Low-Skilled Immigration on the Youth Labor Market.
The Impact of Obesity on Wages.
The Interpretation of Instrumental Variables Estimators in Simultaneous Equations Models with an Application to the Demand for Fish.
The Quality of Government.
The Rising College Premium in the Eighties: Return to College or Return to Unobserved Ability?
The Sad Truth About Happiness Scales.
The Strategic Bequest Motive.
The adverse effects of systematic leakage ahead of official sovereign debt rating announcements.
The association between BMI and mortality using offspring BMI as an indicator of own BMI: large intergenerational mortality study.
The attenuation of human capital spillovers.
The causal effect of an additional sibling on completed fertility: An estimation  of intergenerational fertility correlations by looking at siblings of twins.
The causal effect of board size in the performance of small and medium-sized firms.
The correlation between human capital and morality and its effect on economic performance: Theory and evidence.
The curse of natural resources in fractionalized countries.
The diffusion of health technologies: Cultural and biological divergence.
The effect of government highway spending on road users’ congestion costs.
The effect of immigration on productivity: evidence from U.S. states.
The effect of overcrowded housing on children’s performance at school.
The effect of sibship size on non-cognitive Skills: Evidence from natural experiments.
The effect of water accessibility on child health in China.
The effects of child-bearing on women’s marital status: using twin births as a natural experiment.
The effects of maternal employment on the health of school-age children.
The employment and wage impact of broadband deployment in Canada.
The impact of immigration on the well-being of natives.
The impact of internal displacement on destination communities: Evidence from the Colombian conflict.
The labor demand was downward sloping: Disentangling migrants inflows and outflows, 1929-1957.
The labor market impact of immigration in Western Germany in the 1990s.
The long-run effects of missionary orders in Mexico.
The long-term cognitive consequences of early childhood malnutrition: The case of famine in Ghana.
The medical care costs of obesity: An instrumental variables approach.
The protestant fiscal ethic: Religious confession and euro skepticism in Germany.
The relation between cesarean birth and child cognitive development.
The toll of fertility on mothers’ wellbeing.
The trade-off between fertility and education:  evidence from before the demographic transition.
The urban density premium across establishments.
The wages of BMI: Bayesian analysis of a skewed treatment- response model with nonparametric endogeneity.
Thieves, thugs, and neighborhood poverty.
Timing is everything: Short-run population impacts of immigration in US cities.
Title
Tolerance for uncertainty and the growth of informationally opaque industries.
Trade Integration, Market Size, and Industrialization: Evidence from China’s National Trunk Highway System.
Trade and Circuses: Explaining Urban Giants.
Trade and Productivity.
Trust and Growth.
Under the Weather: Health, Schooling, and Economic Consequences of Early-Life Rainfall.
Unobservable selection and coefficient stability: Theory and evidence.
Urban form and driving: Evidence from US cities.
Wages and the City. Evidence from Italy.
Was Postwar Suburbanization
Was Weber Wrong? A Human Capital Theory of Protestant Economic History.
Watta Satta: Bride Exchange and Women’s Welfare in Rural Pakistan.
What Do We Learn from the Weather?
What Explains the 2007-2009 Drop in Employment?
What determines female autonomy? Evidence from Bangladesh.
When Time Binds: Substitutes for Household Production, Returns to Working Long Hours, and the Skilled Gender Wage Gap.
Where Do the New U.S. Immigrants Live?
Which Countries Have State Religions?
Why Do Some Countries Produce So Much More Output Per Worker Than Others?
Why Has Urban Inequality Increased?
Why are corrupt countries less successful in consolidating their budgets?
Why has regional income convergence in the U.S. declined?
With a little help from abroad: The effect of low-skilled immigration on the female labour supply.
Women as agents of change: Female income and mobility in India.
Your next of kin or your own career?: Caring and working among the 50+ of Europe.
