"Supported by a series of additional results, we interpret this finding as a reflection of rushed firm behavior."
"Conditioning on the price path, we find much stronger excess buying (selling) by liquidity demanders when the ask falls (bid rises) to reach the integer than when it crosses the integer."
"With quotas set over short time horizons, the high-performing salespeople focus mainly on low-ticket products, resulting in a decrease in both sales volume and the sale of high-ticket products, thus reducing the firm’s profits."
"We present an acquisition policy, sampled expected utility (SEU), that employs particular estimations to enable effective ranking of potential acquisitions in settings where relatively little information is available about the underlying domain."
"Besides the general overview of the meeting, following sections are presented: (A) Organization theory, (B) Computer systems, (C) Simulation, (D) Research and Development Management, (E) Measurements in Management, (F) Production and Inventory Management, (G) Management Games, (H) Long-Range Planning, (I) Managerial Economics, (J) Management Implication of Electronic Controls, (K) Contributed Papers."
"Consider a stockpile of items whose field life is a non-negative function of the age of the item upon being issued."
"The authors evaluate more than 6,000 U.S. patents and find that firms do leverage recruits' prior inventions heavily."
"Search advertising is the ordered list of advertisements that appears when a user searches for something in an online search engine."
"The authors find that enhanced design helps to reduce customer deferral by offering consumers a product they value more and are less willing to risk missing out on."
"Under independence, our global test has significantly greater power than the popular Hosmer–Lemeshow's χ2 test."
"This paper develops the analytics and geometry of the investment opportunity set (IOS) and the test statistics for self-financing portfolios."
"Data envelopment analysis (DEA) is a method for assessing the comparative efficiencies of decision making units (e.g., banks and schools) by relating their output to their input levels."
"400 medium-sized (30 × 80; 50 × 60; 50 × 80) test problems with three different kinds of distance matrices and two different kinds of shipment quantity vectors were evaluated."
"The dual objective function is called the Lagrangian; it is defined in terms of the original problem."
"Thus, randomization among noncomparable options is costly relative to deliberate selection."
"The reactions of government officials and executives in private industry to management science are analyzed."
"are possible for the type of problem studied."
"For example, uncertainty in the demand for new products leads to higher prices, larger discounts, and more unsold inventory."
"The ordinal ranking model will not distinguish between the above two cases while it is clear that when taking account of the intensity of preference, the committee should end up with two different consensus rankings."
"However, general wisdom has traditionally ignored the effect of these practices on supplier incentives."
"The second purpose is to formulate a probabilistic model underlying the prediction procedure and to select weights which minimize the mean-square prediction error."
"samples."
"We investigate the performance of the STDP method by means of a Monte Carlo simulation study and compare it with other existing perturbation methods."
"Examples in finance, insurance, and contracting demonstrate the economic relevance of this dichotomy."
"Results in a pharmaceutical sales setting indicate that IT use can improve customer service and salespersons' adaptability, leading to improved sales performance."
"Transient patterns generally produce changes in the physical ratios which, however, are subsequently offset in value terms."
"Understanding user behavior is necessary for better assessment of these sites' survival."
"This paper proposes an alternative approach to collective choice, called “filtering,” and compares it with the general optimization approach."
"Finally, the formation is applied to the actual case of an institutional user seeking to network 29 buildings."
"Kahneman and Tversky's Prospect Theory (Kahneman, D., A. Tversky."
"Management Sci.14 (4, December) B-236–B-249.)"
"failure"
"A deterministic model is suggested to describe the spread of free-burning wildland fires and the effect of various types of suppression activity thereon."
"In these systems, the servers are specialists."
"An approximation suggested by D. Gross and C. M. Harris in their book Fundamentals of Queueing Theory for computing the busy period characteristics in the single server queue with renewal input and general i.i.d."
"All of the abovementioned concepts are characterized in terms of mean variance indifference curve properties and in terms of absolute risk measures."
"We then derive implications for competitive interactions and market structure."
"The properties of the set of considerations, the linkages between pairs of consequences, the set of outcomes or consequences, the network, F, and the use of process frameworks are discussed in detail with examples."
"This article presents a mathematical model describing the most general case in equipment investment policy."
"Computers were used only for high speed calculation."
"Two types of tests are forwarded."
"We analyze a system with multiple retailers and one outside supplier."
"This paper describes the basic structure of the scheduling procedure, the machine coding of a specific version of the procedure, and computational experience with a set of test problems ranging in size up to fourteen jobs and seven machines."
"The decision-making process is thus “locally rational” since it may be optimal with respect to specific components of a larger plan, but globally suboptimal with regard to ultimate outcomes and for the organization as a whole."
"However, every player will know the “basic probability distribution” governing the lottery."
"This form is then exploited in a dynamic programming algorithm to provide an efficient means of exactly determining the minimum cost schedule."
"We first prove that the CVaR sensitivity can be written as a conditional expectation for general loss distributions."
"For example, we find that, when traffic is heavy, service times are highly variable, and the customer types are not heterogenous, so then prioritizing one type over the other (especially a proportionally dominant type) would be worse than not assigning any priority."
"In 2011, coupons alone accounted for $4.6 billion in consumer redemptions, and it is estimated that other postpurchase rebates have soared to $8 billion annually."
"Combinations of four important classes of response surface designs and three pseudorandom number assignment strategies constitute the basis structure of the simulation designs studied."
"Generalizing from our stylized model, we identify a class of biform games involving buyers and suppliers that is useful for strategy analysis."
"Managers come to prefer issues that are current, specific, and ad hoc, and that are presented in verbal form."
"We demonstrate how clients’ opinions of adviser quality can be manipulated by using an easily replicated confirmation strategy that depends on the quality of the advice and the difficulty and order of the advice topics."
"Convergence is proven for convex problems and limited computational experience cited where the new procedure converges two to four times faster than the standard method."
"Soc."
"Reliability: management methods, and mathematics."
"These systems are notoriously difficult to optimize because of the complex structure of the optimal solution and the curse of dimensionality, having resisted solution for over 40 years."
"failure"
"This paper was accepted by Yossi Aviv, operations management."
"This paper discusses two popular policies used by housing authorities to assign applicants to housing projects: first available unit and priority assignment policies."
"Then, this model is extended to describe the effect of batch withdrawals as a renewal process."
"A proof of their optimality in estimating the expected value of the response sum or the response difference of a pair of functions of vector arguments with dependent components is presented."
"25, No."
"In some locations, prices are set so that supply and demand are perfectly matched; overcongestion is induced in other locations, and some less profitable locations are indirectly priced out."
"The unit production cost is an increasing function of the production rate."
"In each of these three situations six criteria were comparatively evaluated by the judges."
"suggested that the p-median problem might be useful for cluster analysis problems (where the goal is to group objects described by a vector of characteristics in such a way that objects in the same group are somehow more alike than objects in different groups)."
"We address this tension between theory and solvability by proposing a convex saddle-point reformulation of an ALP that includes as primal and dual variables, respectively, a vector of basis function weights and a constraint violation density function over the state-action space."
"A perturbation scheme to improve Hillier's solution to the facilities layout problem."
"Our results support the widespread belief that eBay traders are more likely to post feedback when satisfied than when dissatisfied and are consistent with the presence of positive and negative reciprocation among eBay traders."
"Overall, our results suggest that the nature of the asset return process can have important implications for the welfare effects of capital gains tax."
"In three games, a contract with only this handshake agreement is (at least weakly) optimal."
"Because of the intangible and highly uncertain nature of innovation, investors may have difficulty processing information associated with a firm’s innovation search strategy."
"But if evaluation costs are high, the author suggests that relative scarcity may not always benefit sellers."
"Both series and job-shop type job routings are studied."
"Management Sci.13 (July) 816–820): two parties have to submit bids for an object One of them knows the value with certainty, the other does not."
"Using a large sample of consummated and failed listings from the largest online P2P lending marketplace, Prosper.com, we find that the online friendships of borrowers act as signals of credit quality."
"As part of this algorithm, they presented a method for detecting certain weakly-efficient vertices called break points."
"The results indicate that for most of the network structures considered, the best heuristic is the method of steepest descent; the second best is a simple extension of a method originally developed by Crowston, Wagner, and Henshaw."
"3) Computational experience is reported."
"A reappraisal of previously suggested strategies for betting on football games using results of the period 1975–1981 casts considerable doubt on the profitability of relying on the past history of games for guidance in placing bets."
"As predicted by our attribute conflict hypothesis, greater within-alternative conflict (discrepancy among the attributes of an evaluative alternative) led to longer judgment times and greater response error."
"The procedure is based on Kuhn's combinatorial algorithm for the assignment problem and a simple “labeling process” for solving maximal flow problems in networks."
"We use DEA-type linear programming techniques to simulate a basic component of educational reform-eliminating restrictions on the allocation of school personnel."
"We investigate the impact on the emergence of HIEs of state laws that incentivize HIE efforts and state laws that include different types of privacy requirements for sharing healthcare data, focusing on the impact of laws that include requirements for patient consent."
"We develop formalized models that characterize the impact of such changes: operations reversal."
"Experience with the algorithm suggests that this convergence is very rapid."
"The constraints of the model express capacities for both man-made facilities and ecological criteria as a function of visitor requirements."
"An example provides more details."
"Extensive computational results are reported to demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed solution procedures."
"Target shareholders benefit from proxy contests: the average abnormal returns reach 6.5% around proxy contest announcements."
"In this paper we show that two-station blocking systems with multi-server stations of nondeterministic service times are C-reversible, but this property can no longer be extended to three or more station blocking systems with multi-server stations of nondeterministic service times."
"and the “warehousing problem” [Charnes, A., W. W. Cooper."
"A minimax strategy is such a partition which guarantees a voter a certain security level in terms of the number of directorships he can win irrespective of how his opponents vote."
"In this paper we present an extension of the simplex procedure to deal with separable programming problems where the objective is composed of functions which are either convex or concave and where the feasible solution set is convex."
"This paper describes a laboratory experiment designed to test the impact of cognitive style differences between operations researcher and manager on the managerial implementation of operations research recommendations."
"Thus, we find that AV is not just simple to use, but also gives rise to outcomes that well reflect voter preferences."
"Also considered are a number of measures and techniques for testing the “goodness of fit” of time series generated by computer models to observed historical series."
"Moreover, successful and failed entrepreneurs possess different information about how to design contracts."
"This finding provides direct support for the notion that investor sentiment affects the earnings expectations of hard-to-value firms."
"The optimal production/inventory policy and the optimal choice between make-to-order and make-to-stock operations are determined in simple “newsboy”-like formulas."
"Theoretical models of information asymmetry have identified a trade-off between the desire to learn and the desire to prevent an opponent from learning private information."
"The procedure has at least two virtues: it is simple, and it produces useful information as a byproduct of the solution process."
"The latter is the relevant case if they are acting disinterestedly as consultants."
"This paper deals with the analysis of a queueing process involving two classes of customers where the arrival mechanism of each class is subject to a particular control doctrine based on the queue length."
"Many service systems use case managers, servers who are assigned multiple customers and have frequent, repeated interactions with each customer until the customer’s service is completed."
"With uncertainty and limited resources, an analysis is never perfect, so these value estimates are subject to error."
"It is shown, by example, how this can serve as a basis for cluster identification."
"It has been implemented in both plain Monte Carlo and quasi-Monte Carlo environments."
"On one hand, providing service for customers when they are less urgent could mean that fewer resources are needed to fulfill their service requirement."
"Problems of advertising, of price policy, of product design, and of obtaining new customers are ignored."
"Contests—in which solvers compete for a prize offered by the contest holder—have been shown to be an effective incentive mechanism."
"These results hold with both simultaneous and sequential entry of the two sides."
"The possibility for a too long duration for full team cooperation may then lead the firm to reduce the extent of team cooperation, to be able to reduce the expected duration of a team, and have fewer losses of the team lasting for too long."
"The methods are illustrated for a path independent model (European options), a path dependent model (Asian options), and a model with multiple state variables (options with stochastic volatility)."
"In converging markets, firms from different industries compete against each other, often for the first time."
"Part II deals with the minimax and minisum location problems with mutual communication, location problems involving multiple objectives, the distance constraints problem and problems involving the location of paths."
"Cambridge, Mass.: The M.I.T. Press, 1966, $3.95 (paperback), 417 pp;—Meade, George P., Athletic Records: The Whys and Wherefores."
"Practicality of their data requirements is evidenced by use of one of the models for several years in a major oil company."
"p. 320)David Hirshleifer, Kewei Hou, Siew Hong TeohWhen investors value a firm, they should distinguish between the two components of earnings: cash flows from operations and accounting adjustments (operating accruals)."
"The resulting reduction in borrowing capacity affects significantly both investment and employment: for firms whose effective capital requirements increase by 1 percentage point, fixed assets are reduced by 1.1%, capital expenditures by 2.7%, and employment by 0.8%.This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"This paper was originally given at the Fifth International Meeting of the Institute of Management Sciences."
"We test whether receivers' rates of monetary sacrifice depend on the process by which an outcome is reached."
"In markets reaching saturation, firms are trapped in a prisoner’s dilemma: the greater investments create more value, but this does not translate into greater value capture because the value created relative to competitors does not change."
"Although the individual choice behavior is partially characterized by randomness, the model attempts to reveal the underlying deterministic rationale of the choice behavior, abstracted from random fluctuations."
"We develop comparative results for ratio-based efficiency analysis (REA) based on the decision-making units' (DMUs') relative efficiencies over sets of feasible weights that characterize preferences for input and output variables."
"In this paper we analyze dual sourcing in the context of the “reorder point, order quantity” inventory model with constant demand and stochastic lead times and compare it with single sourcing."
"Consequently, the central warehouse will stock out with high probability."
"Ten management practices that constitute the JIT concept are used to examine implementation of JIT manufacturing systems."
"However, the client-IS relationships may take on a variety of forms, including both hierarchical and lateral settings."
"The loss in effectiveness was more pronounced for websites that had general content (such as news sites), where non-data-driven targeting is particularly hard to do."
"As illustrations, special cases are considered."
"Empirical studies apparently have not been published."
"Our setting is the auto retail industry; we analyze how automotive dealerships adjust prices to inventory levels under varying degrees of market power."
"The authors show that, for MBA students, the best-performing group constitution is two men and one woman."
"We find that, on average, focus has a positive effect on quality performance."
"We provide various theoretical and empirical results on the extent to which the AHP can be considered a reliable decision-making procedure in terms of the modern theory of subjective measurement."
"4, pp."
"This predictability also appears to be uncorrelated with individual household risk, suggesting that households are in a prime position to exploit it."
"Our approach does not require strong distributional assumptions and applies to constrained, possibly nonconvex, nonsmooth optimization problems such as vehicle-routing, economic lot-sizing, or facility location."
"Our results highlight the asymmetric effect of strategic customer behavior on quality-differentiated firms."
"A numerical study exhibits the performance of these heuristics and bounds for problems of moderate size."
"These observations are inconsistent with the expected-profit-maximizing model, contradict what a regular or hyperbolic time-discounting model would predict, and cannot be explained by the loss aversion model."
"This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"Since this LP problem has a special structure, a simple computational algorithm requiring less computation than the simplex method is derived."
"It is implemented in two stages."
"Each time an individual is born, an action is chosen, for him which affects his lifetime, the number and types of his offspring, and the reward received."
"How much money should be invested at time t0 at an interest rate of I for a time T such that the probability of the funds required “K(T)” exceeding those available “X(T)” equals at most p. That is P{K(T) > X(T)} ≤ p, where X(T) = X(t0) exp{ I(T − t0)}."
"To optimize the expected performance of such systems as a function of several continuous input parameters (decision variables), we present a “scaled” stochastic approximation algorithm for finding the zero (root) of the gradient of the response function."
"Several strategies that may be used to make choices under risk are simulated using a production system framework."
"This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"We provide possible explanations behind the phenomenon and discuss reasons for the variety of findings in the existing literature."
"Line reversal means that every item passes through the stations in the reverse order, that is, beginning with station k and ending with station 1."
"In particular, we consider the following practical strategic questions for the manager of a knowledge-intensive firm: Should her firm develop a formal knowledge system?"
"We find substantial heterogeneity in the predictiveness of the measures."
"1961."
"Health and safety risks are compared with financial risks, and the differences pertinent for risk evaluation and management are described."
"No bounds have previously been proposed for these problems."
"In addition to the policy we propose for supplying inventory to the retailers, we also consider three other policies that are based on these well-known policies in the literature: (a) can-order policy, (b) echelon inventory policy, and (c) fixed-replenishment interval policy."
"Given cost and demand functions of simple types, a solution can be obtained by programming methods, e.g., the Simplex method."
"Individuals often use several different strategies such as the expected value rule, conjunctive rule, and elimination-by-aspects, to make decisions."
"1965."
"A statistical summary of the objective function values, decision variable values, and slack variable values completes the procedure."
"Fitting such a threshold-based model to data reveals players’ estimated thresholds to be close to the optimal thresholds after only a small number of games."
"Using a very general formulation of probabilistic preferences, we show that the phenomenon is not mainly due to intransitive choice."
"This paper uses a formal model to study how evaluation costs affect competition for resources in strategic factor markets."
"The effect of changes in the various parameters, viz.,"
"We model the contracting relationship between a supplier and a buyer."
"We study the saving behavior of infinitely long-lived agents who face income uncertainty and deterministic interest rates."
"This paper focuses on the implications of a bargaining rule that calls for one party to make the first and final offer, the other to accept or reject it."
"Given the probability density function and the cumulative distribution of the installed capacity, a variety of performance measures is derived, including the expected value, the mode, and the variance of the installed capacity, and the expected total costs."
"Namely, resource flexibility mitigates the shareholder–debtholder agency conflict as well as the risk of costly default."
"Games in this class have the attractive property of each supplier’s share of industry total surplus being the product of its added value and its relative bargaining power."
"It is, therefore, surprising that simplistic forecasting methods dominate practice, and that the research literature on forecasting arrivals is so small."
"2) How much work has to be done to clean it up? ("
"As a result, interestingly, a higher product quality can exert a nonmonotonic impact on equilibrium information acquisition, hurt firm profitability, and lead to lower consumer surplus."
"Annealing is then applied to the timetabling problem."
"No previous knowledge of perturbation analysis is assumed, so the paper also serves to introduce this technique to the unfamiliar reader.)"
"Much of traditional auction theory has focused on analyzing single-item auctions in isolation from the market context in which they take place."
"However, the results also show that highly compensated GCs play an important gatekeeping role in keeping the firm in compliance with generally accepted accounting principles."
"Empirical tests support the proposed two-stage model and indicate that decision weights are concave then convex."
"This policy incorporates the following components: a discharge distribution with the first discharge peak between 8 a.m. and 9 a.m. and 26% of patients discharging before noon, and constant-mean allocation delays throughout the day."
"Stanford, California: Stanford University Press, 1963, $7.50, 225 pp—reviewed by Ernest Koenigsberg;—Levitt, Theodore."
"This paper introduces a new approach to capturing and using value judgments in DEA, based on unobserved Decision Making Units."
"Finally, we show that contrary to intuition, as the competitor’s cost of capacity increases, the premium a flexible firm is willing to pay for flexibility decreases."
"The authors consider a supplier's problem of eliciting credible forecast information from a manufacturer."
"Recognition of this affinity between MLE and log utility begs the wider methodological question of whether different decision makers benefit in different degrees from different probabilities."
"Examples are tracking field reports on competitors' prices and analyzing market share estimates computed from retail audits and consumer panel reports."
"We discuss implications of our findings for the optimal design of performance feedback policies, workplace organizational structures, and incentives schemes."
"All these insights disappear in the absence of congestion."
"We extend this strand of research in two ways."
"Matrix methods for finding shortest distances are convenient and efficient when the lengths of shortest paths are wanted between all pairs of vertices in a graph."
"Credible causal inference in accounting and finance research often comes from natural experiments."
"Numerical results are provided which indicate that the procedure may provide significant savings over non-Bayesian techniques."
"In a recent article in Management Science, Awerbuch et al. ["
"We show that the additional capacity needed to buffer against vehicle roaming can be substantial even in systems with vanishingly small demand."
"Equity ownership of the largest external shareholder, that of the BOD, and the default risk, are strongly negatively related to the size of CEO equity compensation."
"This change is motivated by the appealing theoretical properties of ES as a measure of risk and the poor properties of VaR. In particular, VaR fails to control for “tail risk.”"
"January) 178–183.),"
"Multiattribute One-Switch Utility (p. 602)Ilia Tsetlin, Robert L. WinklerThe “one-switch” property states that the preference between any two lotteries switches at most once as wealth increases."
"In particular, we show how to determine values for Gomory's parameter so that only a subset of the feasible solutions to the cuts used by Gomory's method of integer forms are feasible for the generalised cuts."
"Multiple hierarchies and organizational control."
"It is one of the most intractable problems in operations research, and has therefore become a popular playground for the latest optimization techniques, including virtually all local search paradigms."
"Finally, we attempt to replicate these findings with a model of contagion characterized by a low infection rate spreading on a scale-free network."
"an algorithm is given for determining the optimum packaging frequency of jointly replenished items."
"Cisalpino Editoriale, Milan, 1959—reviewed by Dott."
"The problem of allocation under uncertain demand, when the latter has a continuous distribution function, is treated."
"In a recent contribution, Mansfield (Mansfield, Edwin."
"failure"
"The authors examine the effect of recurring stale information releases on U.S. stock and Treasury futures prices."
"In the first stage, events are taken into subjective probability judgments, and the second stage takes probability judgments into decision weights."
"Connors, M. M., C. Coray, C. J. Cuccaro, W. K. Green, D. W. Low, H. M. Markowitz."
"The structural framework consists of a generalized schematic involving materials, energy, capital equipment, populations, orders, information and cash flows through transducing, policy, etc.,"
"Moreover it is shown that several earlier results in queueing and computer modelling can be obtained simply from the results given here."
"The findings suggest that a system-guided or a more structured model manipulation strategy and the display of incremental changes significantly improve performance."
"For U.S. investors, the gains accrue not so much in terms of lower risk as in terms of higher return, and the opposite holds for Japanese investors."
"We address these issues with a detailed consumer flow model which monitors and projects key consumer transitions in response to marketing actions."
"These findings are consistent with the concept of meritocracy and suggest that it is important to evaluate the perception of gender disadvantages in the workplace environment before implementing quotas."
"A specially-structured integer programming model, called the multiple-choice nested knapsack model, is developed in this paper."
"This paper describes the results of a two-and-a-half year effort in proactive planning at the Bureau of the Census in Washington, D.C. Most large-scale organizations merely react to their future(s) instead of actively planning for and thus anticipating the future(s) they would like to bring about; would the Bureau be bold enough to try and break out of this pattern by engaging in what Ackoff and others have termed proactive or interactive planning?"
"1975."
"We show that if each personal utility function is homogeneous, in addition to satisfying the usual regularity conditions, then an aggregate utility function can be defined explicitly in terms of the given utilities."
"Cumulative prospect theory introduced the weighting of probabilities as an additional component to capture risk attitudes."
"Recent applications include dynamic assortment design, Internet advertising, dynamic pricing, and the control of queues."
"111–127."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.1914.This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"In VMI, distortion of demand information (known as bullwhip effect) transferred from the downstream supply-chain member (e.g., retailer) to the upstream member (e.g., supplier) is minimized, stockout situations are less frequent, and inventory-carrying costs are reduced."
"We find that the retailer stocks less, takes smaller price discounts, and earns lower profit if strategic consumers are present than if there are no strategic consumers."
"Econometrica23 (1, January) 46–66.]"
"This property is also used in deriving some of the bounds."
"Analytical models are first utilized to investigate the extent to which these adverse effects can be overcome through (1) reduction in setup time, (2) lot sizing, (3) reduction in the variability of process-times and job arrivals, and, (4) reduction in processing times through productivity improvements, all arising from part family-oriented processing."
"However, it is unclear how volume changes in one service affect the costs of the other services in the same hospital."
"Both high- and low-demand contracts are affected by the firm’s operational characteristics in the same direction, and the informational characteristics impact those contracts differently."
"We show that the sole driver of the inefficiency in a push system, which is due to horizontal decentralization of suppliers, is the number of alliances that were formed."
"The broad interest in this effort, the limitations of time and resources for conducting the program, and the complex engineering constraints imposed by the logistics system justify the development of an effective method of making optimum selection of experiments according to the most meaningful criteria."
"It is desired to find a way to assign stations to trucks in such a manner that station demands are satisfied and total mileage covered by the fleet is a minimum A procedure based on a linear programming formulation is given for obtaining a near optimal solution."
"If the manufacturer designs a contract that is accepted by both retailers, it sets the wholesale price as a compromise between two conflicting roles: reducing intrabrand retail price competition and inducing retailers to stock closer to first-best levels (that is, optimum for the supply chain as a whole)."
"Randomized control trials are increasingly used to test dynamic pricing and technologies that can assist in response by providing information and/or automated response."
"Vice-virtue bundles are item aggregates with varying proportions of both vice and virtue, holding overall quantity constant."
"It is shown that the optimal sample size shrinks as target rates are lowered."
"The model addresses the problem of an investor with access to a limited pool of capital, who makes sequential decisions on long-lasting investments, under uncertainty as to the timing or the quality of future opportunities."
"This paper describes a computer-based corporate planning system which combines the analytical power of optimization with simulation capabilities and more specialized planning models as elements of an interactive management system."
"We propose that reverse time inconsistency may be associated with a reversed-S shape discount function, and provide evidence that such a discount function captures part of the variation in intertemporal preferences."
"failure"
"In §4 we obtain qualitative results about the form of the optimal policy. §"
"New York: McGraw-Hill Book Co., 1968, 524 pp.,"
"On the one hand, new contributions in the areas already treated in the earlier survey are reviewed."
"A note: hidden nonlinearities in the application of goal programming."
"Reciprocity in feedback giving distorts the production and content of reputation information in a market, hampering trust and trade efficiency."
"A small example concerning analgesics is used to illustrate this methodology."
"Essay delivered, as a symposium paper on “Management Science Tomorrow,” before the first national meeting of the Institute of Management Sciences, Oct. 21–22, 1954."
"Five measurement tests are used to compare the two sets."
"failure"
"We tag theory-driven attributes of 37,125 unique products via Amazon Mechanical Turk to augment the usual product data (e.g., review ratings, descriptions)."
"Thus consumers may be better off with fewer sellers in such markets."
"Implications of the findings regarding firm strategy are discussed."
"The applicability of this model is demonstrated by industrially validated studies in the areas of manufacturing, hydraulic, heat transfer, and electrical systems analysis."
"All of the new bounds can be applied to problems with variable processor ready times."
"We find that preference sorting does play a role in generating the small firm effect: small firms attract those with prior preferences for autonomy who are similarly drawn into entrepreneurship."
"Embedding this algorithm into a modified version of the Shifting Bottleneck Procedure that uses the tighter one-machine relaxation discussed here results in a considerable overall improvement in performance on all classes of job shop scheduling problems."
"The appropriateness of this approach in the decision of one firm to acquire another firm is investigated using experimental methods."
"We estimate our model using a comprehensive data set from DonorsChoose.org—the largest crowdfunding platform for K–12 education."
"This paper analyzes the energy efficiency (EE) investment decisions of a capital-constrained manufacturer that competes with an alternative supplier for the business of a large industrial buyer."
"Or, inventory might encourage a consumer to continue her search (e.g., on the theory that she can return if nothing better is found), thereby decreasing sales (a scarcity effect)."
"Under the contracting scheme we model, the buyer (principal) delegates the majority of product specification and production activity to the supplier (agent), but retains the flexibility to commit a given, observable amount of an internally available, limited resource (e.g., engineering hours) to help the supplier."
"We examine effort and accuracy and their role in strategy selection."
"By exploiting the relationship between the make-to-stock system and an open queueing network, we identify specific formulas for the base stock levels under standard product-form assumptions."
"Computational results show that the best among the frequency-based direct shipping policies used to obtain the worst-case results gives an average percent increase error, with respect to a lower bound on the optimal cost of the problem in which routing is allowed, of 6.44% on a large set of randomly generated problem instances."
"CRM outsourcing is more beneficial to firms that are high on information technology capabilities and low on marketing capabilities, and less beneficial when it concerns presales CRM."
"It is then shown that well-established concepts and theories from measurement and psychometric theory can provide a general framework for evaluating and assessing subjective probability encoding."
"Application of a computational procedure based on dynamic-programming allows the minimum-cost program to be readily determined for instances in which the requirement for inspection is the maintenance of a specified quality level or when a linear cost may be associated with outgoing defective material."
"failure"
"We exploit a natural experiment in the form of a U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) crackdown that prevented pharmaceutical companies from using selectively chosen information in their Internet search ads."
"$6.75—reviewed by R. L. Froemke;—Handbook of Industrial Research Management."
"Two lower bounds are developed for the algorithm; one is efficient for small problems while the other is more efficient for larger problems."
"Collective decision making is modeled as an anonymous nonatomic game with a finite set of strategies and payoff functions among individuals who are heterogeneous in their income."
"The insight for management: With precise data, subjects behave as if there were no ambiguity, whereas with imprecise data subjects turn out to be ambiguity averse."
"In this paper, we discuss the methods supporting this moment approach and evaluate their performance in the context of the example."
"This paper presents a model of an (s, S) inventory system in which there are two priority classes of customers."
"Using a sample of firms in two industries (automotive and computer) and four countries (Canada, Germany, Japan, and the United States), we find that certain process management techniques improve profitability while others have little effect on financial performance."
"1967."
"4) A comparison of the model's predictive ability with those from two extant specifications reveals that the proposed model outperforms rival specifications."
"In particular, these bounds will never be more than twice the actual error."
"The seller is (ex post) better informed about product availability and can choose how to communicate this information to the customers."
"This gives a power-of-two heuristic with a worst case performance no more than 2% above optimal."
"How Costly Is Diversity?"
"We show that this trade-off is shifted toward the reseller mode when marketing activities create spillovers across products and when network effects lead to unfavorable expectations about supplier participation."
"For a project that consists of numerous jobs subject to technological ordering restrictions the polygon representing project cost versus completion time is to be determined when the normal and crash completion times are known for each job and the cost of doing the job varies linearly between these times."
"We consider a number of procurement contracting strategies, and identify a simple strategy, expected margin commitment (EMC), that effectively promotes collaboration."
"This paper reports an analysis of the relationships between shareholding and voting power distributions in a sample of British companies."
"The adoption of elements that encourage broad search typically raises the marginal benefit of other elements that provide offsetting stability."
"There is a general demand process with no stationarity or independence assumptions, partial or complete backlogging of unfilled demand, a fixed non-negative delivery lag (which may be positive only under complete backlogging), a nonstationary linear ordering cost, a nonstationary holding and shortage cost function, discounting of future costs, and nonstationary restrictions like budget and storage limitations."
"Chicago, Illinois: Aldine Publishing Company (Published outside North America by the Edinburgh University Press, Edinburgh, Scotland), 1969, 475 pp.,"
"Application of the new approach to simple, Holt's, and damped Holt's exponential smoothing, using simulated and real data sets, gave encouraging results."
"1965."
"A consumer who purchased a firm’s product can derive different usage values across different usage periods."
"Rather than follow the procedure of implying out the behavior of spreads from assumptions concerning the default process, we work directly with the evolution of spreads."
"Reciprocity is a subtle but influential factor in maintaining business relationships."
"failure"
"failure"
"Management Sci.16 (5) 388–401.]"
"How do firms respond to entry in multi-sided markets?"
"Among 1,000 German brokerage clients for whom both survey responses and actual trading records are available, investors who report enjoying investing or gambling turn over their portfolio at twice the rate of their peers."
"Organizations have a choice of information and planning procedures to use for a coordinated plan."
"The objective is to minimize response time to allow for the most effective clean up possible."
"The capacity expansion problem with specialization involves two classes of growing demand and two types of capacity."
"Prototypes have two advantages: They help the customer to evaluate the unknown customized product, and they guide both parties in the search for the ideal product specification."
"Message modification refers to the distortion of message meaning."
"Inventories are kept at the retailers but not at the depot."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1967, 258 pp.,"
"In this paper, we study a project requiring two stages of investment."
"Then the changes are examined which occur when a system undergoes the transfer of a value judgement from its structure to its (external) environment."
"A more complete picture of advice taking is provided by considering revisions of distributions, which reflect changes in both confidence and best guesses."
"As such, we examine the conditions under which GCs may stray from their primary role as gatekeepers."
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"The ratio functions will hopefully be the subject of a paper that follows this.)"
"The role of computerization in manufacturing and agility in firm innovativeness are discussed."
"For these series the adaptive representation of the optimal forescats will contain an infinite number of terms, and thus, in terms of the original motivation of adaptive forecasting, be less than helpful."
"The volatility spread formula serves as the basis for using the generalized method of moments to estimate investors' risk aversion."
"An algorithm, computationally feasible for large problems, has been formulated for sequencing n jobs through a single facility to minimize the number of late jobs."
"The theory of networks and management science."
"The purpose of this update is twofold."
"The purpose of this paper is to show the mathematical treatment of the problem of periodic reinvestments by an amount equal to depreciation different from one which was given in [3]."
"$8.95—reviewed by Walter B. Schaffir."
"In many organizations cost accounting supplies much of the information used for control at several levels."
"A new type of risk aversion found only in muitivariate utility functions is defined."
"Analysis of variance and stepwise regressions are employed to study the effect of the number of variables, number of constraints and degree of constraint slackness."
"If at the time of review the stock has fallen below a given level, L, a fixed quantity, Q, is ordered; otherwise no action is taken."
"The main thrust of this paper is to show that, under these policies, the supply system becomes a network of queues with a special routing mechanism called an overflow bypass."
"Hypotheses are derived regarding the relative sensitivity of judged probabilities, buying prices, and selling prices to case- versus class-based evidence."
"The ongoing shortage of pharmaceutical drugs critically threatens public health."
"The equations used in the examples were formulated with the aid of a spiral diagram which represents the result of preliminary scheduling in so far as it assigns each bus to a definite route and indicates how the various branches are geared together."
"Dantzig, G. B. 1951."
"The product-mix problem of production planning is to determine the best quantity of each product to manufacture, over a complete range of products competing for a number of limited resources."
"The most prevalent form of training call center agents is via classroom instruction coupled with role-plays."
"New York: Appleton-Century-Crofts, 1967, $3.95, 386 pp—reviewed by Donald G. Morrison;—Haga Enoch, Automated Educational Systems, Elmhurst, Illinois: The Business Press, 1967, $15.00, 343 pp—reviewed by Sarane S. Boocock;—Brown, Robert G., Decision Rules for Inventory Management."
"This paper surveys the present and potential use of heuristic programming in management science."
"The buyer suffers economic damages if a violation at a supplier is exposed (whether by the media, regulator, or nongovernmental organization)."
"We estimate risk aversion from investors’ financial decisions in a person-to-person lending platform."
"Key to the analysis is joining the presence of a positive network externality with the fact that piracy increases the total number of program users."
"A least-square fit of this ratio versus time is shown to be an adequate predictor of employment and can be used for extrapolation with confidence."
"The expected delay depends on the demand rates chosen by the division managers."
"The problem of maximizing the expected reward is shown to be equivalent to a generalized Markov decision problem where the (k × k) transition, matrices are non-negative but not necessarily substochastic."
"In this paper, we propose a new method for combining forecasts which attempts to overcome this imbalance."
"Instead of solving the original multicommodity problem, we transform it so that a pair of single-commodity network flow problems can be solved."
"It is shown that this feature makes the new organization even more efficient."
"This incentive-risk tradeoff determines (a) the optimal winner's share that minimizes expected procurement price, (b) the corresponding profit fee bid by suppliers, (c) the ensuing cost control effort, and (d) the final price for the procurement."
"We analyze a setting where customers differ in their cost to serve."
"Cash concentration is a routine cash management activity that concerns transfer of funds from bank accounts in remote locations to the firm's central bank accounts."
"We model advertising as exciting consumer interest into learning more about the product, and determine a firm's equilibrium choice of advertising content over quality information, price information, and horizontal match information."
"This behavior is puzzling, because it makes it easier for competitors to poach a firm's best employees."
"The proposed method clusters data such that the data points within a group are similar in the nonconfidential attribute values, whereas the confidential attribute values within a group are well distributed."
"Healthy and growing, DMS is likely to affect OR/MS significantly, not only by providing funds for basic research, but also through its vision of a combined theoretical and empirical science of operational and managerial processes, and by its policy of bringing together different disciplines within the program."
"They make bids upon arrival at a queue whose length is unobservable."
"As such, we overcome important methodological issues facing previous work in this area."
"Finally, we document the importance of detrending the maturity effect by showing that the detrended percentage volatility spread explains future jump intensities better than the original percentage volatility spread."
"in Boca Raton, 417–430.),"
"Two additional treatments allow us to get a quantitative measure of subjects' preferences over different information structures."
"This paper discusses a method which has been developed."
"1984."
"All these coordination schemes fit comfortably within an emerging practice called supply chain finance, which includes the organization and technology needed to implement them."
"These included speed, minimum messages, minimum error, and voting."
"We assess the effectiveness of our formulation by comprehensive computational results over realistic instances of two typical technologies, namely, WiMAX and DVB-T.This paper was accepted by Dimitris Bertsimas, optimization."
"We allow a call auction to be preceded by a preopening or not, preopening orders to be binding or not, and the opening time to be deterministic or random."
"Second, market illiquidity positively affects forward-looking risk premium, indicating that forward-looking risk premium contains an illiquidity risk premium component."
"In other words, aggregation error is almost inevitable."
"This atypicality, if well balanced, has a positive effect on the individual movie’s box office."
"Comments about Churchman, C. W., A. H. Schainblatt."
"1967."
"Within the context of the computational framework, we find that the benefits of re-thinking decisions and of matching the organizational design to the task environment are questionable."
"The main results extend to cases when partial backup sourcing is allowed, both suppliers are unreliable, recovery times are non-memoryless, an unreliable supplier may provide a richer set of contingent prices, or the supplier may be risk averse."
"We develop an intermediate input model to examine the extent to which the growth in licensing is due to the productivity of observable inputs or driven by a change in the propensity of faculty and administrators to engage in commercializing university research."
"3) Patients waiting for a bed can overflow to a nonprimary ward when the waiting time reaches a threshold, where the threshold is time dependent."
"Results indicate that the use of a code generator in development is associated with increased software complexity and software enhancement project effort."
"In an experiment conducted on individuals wearing Fitbit wearables, we find that gain-loss incentives can drive increases in physical activity but are limited by the element of choice."
"This entails the development of a data-driven robust optimization approach with novel uncertainty sets."
"Support for these hypotheses was then obtained from the literature and from a study of a single market."
"The term, technological forecasting, is appearing with ever increasing frequency in the public utterances of government and industrial leaders."
"This paper provides evidence that analysts who have predicted earnings more accurately than the median analyst in the previous four quarters tend to be simultaneously less accurate and further from the consensus forecast in their subsequent earnings prediction."
"As predicted by our attribute extremity hypothesis, greater attribute extremity (very high or low attribute values) resulted in shorter judgment times and less response error."
"In this study neither the Japanese parent's R&D nor its advertising intensities had any significant impact on their ownership policies."
"The LTM was presented by Rabinowitz et al. ("
"We show that if the source of long-term advantage is modeled as a stock of capability that accumulates over time, the intensity of the firm’s effort to manage short-term earnings at the expense of long-term investment can have very different consequences depending on whether the firm’s capability is close to a critical “tipping threshold.”"
"The results of this study suggest that reputation deters attack only when the potential attacker considers the target firm a minor competitor."
"This paper reports the findings of the study of maintenance policies for the IBM 1620 system installed at the university's computing center."
"In many real-world searches, however, distributions are not entirely unknown and can be learned through experience."
"As a consequence, some of the intellectual energy that had been devoted to optimization began to be directed to the study of heuristics, but from an enriched perspective that emphasized theoretical performance analysis, both worth case and probabilistic."
"Nonparametric estimators (DEA, FDH, ⋯) are based on a finite sample of observed production units."
"Given an ARIMA model of consumer demand and the lead times at each stage, it is shown that the orders and inventories at each stage are also ARIMA, and closed-form expressions for these models are given."
"Information was gathered on the goals, planning, budgets, marketing, staffing, organizational structure, technical focus, and evaluation practices of the programs."
"Overall, our findings suggest that the adoption of more structured management practices constitutes an important source of value creation in mergers and acquisitions."
"We find that defaults and negative financial changes are more likely for firms given the same rating if the rating was assigned after the SEC action."
"These problems are shown to be closely related."
"This paper presents a new implicit formulation for shift scheduling problems, using context-free grammars to model the rules for the composition of shifts."
"Capacity expansion and shipment costs are assumed to be concave and no inventory of stock is allowed."
"On this criterion, we show empirically (with people data) that although averaging has remarkable theoretical properties, supposedly inferior nonaveraging metrics (e.g., maximum, variance) are often better."
"Management Sci.23 (3, November) 332–333.]"
"We find differential effects of ESWOM on stockholdings of institutional investors."
"Managers should be aware of and actively seek out such incentives, and they should communicate clearly that such destructive behaviors are not tolerable to derive the desired effects of merit-based pay increases."
"The parameter convergence guarantees are then extended to out-of-sample performance guarantees in terms of revenue, in the form of a high-probability bound on the gap between the expected revenue of the best action taken under the estimated parameters and the revenue generated by a decision maker with full knowledge of the choice model."
"However, a particular kind of weighting of industry by industry direct control costs is developed, such that minimization of this weighted sum results in minimization of indirect costs as well."
"The products are delivered from the warehouse to the retailers by vehicles that combine the deliveries to several retailers into efficient vehicle routes."
"The objective of this note is (i) to identify and briefly review some references not included in [El-Shaieb, A. M. 1973."
"Under certain conditions, we prove that, for the same computational cost, the variance of our estimator is lower than the variance of the standard Monte Carlo estimator by a factor of order d. Our method can be used to obtain a low-variance unbiased estimator for the expectation of a function of the state of a Markov chain at a given time step."
"The best performing measure for time-preference is a titration method, in which a sequence of adaptive binary-choice questions narrows in on a subject’s indifference point, and for risk-preference it is a self-report measure of risk aversion."
"We test the proposed model of vicarious learning using panel data on new product introductions of 67 firms in the U.S. digital camera market in the 1990s."
"It is shown that the use of the third-type asymptotic distribution of the largest values as an approximation to the exact distribution provides for an expression for the expected value and the mode of the largest earthquake magnitude in the next n years."
"This result runs counter to established option pricing theory intuition and contributes to a better risk management in R…D projects."
"Otherwise, a screening contract based on price and quantity is preferred."
"We design and run three field experiments to investigate how different types of compensation affect the engagement of riders who experienced a frustration."
"Many marketing activities take place within teams; these team activities often involve repeated interactions among team members over several projects."
"Counter to previous work, we show that certain turn-and-earn rules not only help the manufacturer but can also help the retailer and increase total supply chain profits."
"The essential roles of uncertainty and of differential amounts of information in different parts of an organization in the problem of control are brought out."
"However, a positive review posted on a guest’s page significantly reduces discrimination: when guest accounts receive a positive review, the acceptance rates of guest accounts with white- and African American–sounding names are statistically indistinguishable."
"The specialization problem is an extreme case of the multilocation capacity expansion problem, and dynamic programming approaches for the multilocation problem can be adapted to solve the specialization problem."
"This allows platforms to increase their ad intensity on those that do not use the ad blockers and achieve higher returns than in a world without ad blockers."
"With the aid of the model, we investigate the behavior of consumers in a laboratory setting where we can focus on the reference group effects after controlling for the contextual and correlated effects."
"On the surface, the claim that organizations should adapt by generating new knowledge seems obvious and compelling."
"In the first part, the present stage of development of management science in the United Kingdom is briefly discussed; in the second part are given a few “case histories,” stressing the methodology; the third part discusses a few recent features of management science in the United Kingdom which seem to be interesting."
"Second, as the potential substitutability between products increases due to social influence, the firm may leverage the increased substitutability and enjoy lower cost in production by reducing product assortment before demand realization."
"Management Sci.28 1313–1327.)"
"In industry, the construct has often been used as a surrogate for IS effectiveness."
"The results indicate that unexpected growth in the product market increases the likelihood of acquisition; unexpected shortfalls in product shipments have no effect on the likelihood of dissolution."
"Moreover, individuals who have just been fined in the field behave more honestly in the lab than the other fare dodgers, except when context is introduced."
"The reader is therefore cautioned that the publication of any Communication implies neither scientific standing nor acceptance per se on the part of either Management Science or TIMS."
"In both cases, optimal service rates are not necessarily constant over time."
"We investigate whether personal information posted by job candidates on social media sites is sought and used by prospective U.S. employers."
"Erratum to Gessford, J. 1959."
"Thus, the regulator needs to make the road closure decisions so that the total risk resulting from the carriers' route choices is minimized."
"Statist."
"Researchers in artificial intelligence and decision analysis share a concern with the construction of formal models of human knowledge and expertise."
"This relationship is more pronounced in younger fund managers."
"By modifying the setup costs used in the Wagner-Whitin algorithm, we develop a generalized solution methodology for dealing with situations in which new setups are added to the production schedule and existing setups are cancelled."
"Overall, air travel improves the diversification of investor portfolios and lowers the cost of equity for firms."
"Other properties of variance are examined, such as its relationship to KAIZEN and Just-In-Time production practices, and especially its property of impairing capacity."
"The author investigates the impact of social ties on the effectiveness of boards of directors."
"The disappearance is associated with the changing market environment: increased institutional investment, decreased trading costs, improved liquidity, and enhanced regulations on corporate governance and information disclosure."
"Alternate policies for controlling the growth of a city were examined with a simulation model consisting of four sectors: national services, local services, manufacturing, and population."
"The authors find that established firms tend to choose an investment timing and capacity level to maximize expected profits, whereas start-ups focus on maximizing the probability of survival."
"Does testosterone increase the tendency to engage in self-employment?"
"Heuristic procedures are developed for these problems using intuition derived from their integer programming formulations."
"Results from an additional experiment add support to this explanation."
"A model is developed for cost-volume-profit analysis which incorporates a nonlinear cost function to express the effects of employee learning."
"The assumed situation is as follows: two cumulative distribution functions F and G are in constant (unknown) ratio θ, for values of the random variables below t* (assumed known); F and G may behave entirely independently above t*."
"We propose sets of possible anticipations that are endogenously determined."
"In addition, the empirical results imply negative expected equity risk premiums for some inverted term structures."
"Finally, we show that an improvement in the speed of product development does not necessarily lead to an earlier time-to-market, but always leads to enhanced products."
"1964."
"Pure commonality\" strategies are never optimal unless complexity costs are introduced."
"We find a large and highly significant increase in individuals’ bank account balances within the first month of turning 55, which declines by about a third by the end of 12 months."
"The model can therefore be handled very easily."
"Moreover, we find that the frequently recommended brainstorming technique of building on others' ideas is counterproductive; teams exhibiting such buildup neither create more ideas, nor are the ideas that build on previous ideas better."
"Our results show that priority policies can successfully integrate public housing projects while first available unit policies can exacerbate segregation."
"Firms can help innovators implement their ideas efficiently but cannot ex ante commit to compensating them appropriately."
"A simple model with two service centers and two laborers is employed to explore the relationships among three experimental variables."
"Furthermore, these techniques require for each action the one step transition probability and reward matrices, and obtaining these is often unrealistic for large and complex systems."
"This suggests that bubbles are abated when traders know that a subset of them have an edge (in information) over others."
"Individuals chose a personalized savings plan and a default penalty themselves."
"We first show that all affine term structure models with state space ℝ+M×ℝN−M can be drift normalized and show when the standard variance normalization can be obtained."
"The model incorporates the major components of credit and collection policies such as the cash discount, credit period and charges for late payments."
"Here we show that the single firm bundle pricing problem is naturally viewed as a disjunctive program which is formulated as a mixed integer linear program."
"The examples were selected to illustrate both the power and the limitations of present linear programming methods when applied to actual problems."
"Risk analysis and policy analysis can play important roles in facilitating the siting of potentially hazardous facilities if one recognizes the descriptive features of the decision process."
"Event history analyses show that new ventures with founders having direct and indirect relationships with venture investors are most likely to receive venture funding and are less likely to fail."
"Motivated by the proliferation of online platforms that collect and disseminate consumers’ experiences with alternative substitutable products/services, we investigate the problem of optimal information provision when the goal is to maximize aggregate consumer surplus."
"The fundamental concept is to make some ordinal scales among proposals."
"Such exits may be temporary, although we construct an equilibrium in which there is no benefit to exit and reentry."
"Because of the typically complex nature of each challenge, the standard paradigm is predict-then-optimize."
"A critical problem, continually faced by managers in developing “effective” resource allocation plans, is that only limited partial information is available about the system under consideration on which to base these plans."
"The implications of the findings for expert systems design are discussed in the conclusion of the paper."
"First, it is to recognize distance constraints as increasing real life restrictions through various motivating illustrations."
"The purpose of the present paper is to extend the loop-technique of the stepping-stone algorithm to the generalized transportation problem."
"When a firm is facing default, equity holders have incentives to engage in asset substitution, underinvest, or directly transfer wealth."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"Through a series of experiments, this paper provides a caution to such a focus."
"During the rest of the year, manufacturers of style goods build up the inventory while continuously reestimating the demand in the final selling season."
"This holds when we control for creator ability and project quality."
"Computational results indicate that both algorithms significantly outperform an alternative DP approach suggested by Henig (Henig, M. I. 1986."
"Our findings show that participants with a higher behavioral investment are more likely to violate the assumption of normative economic rationality because of the sunk cost effect."
"To manage this short-termism, some bonus pay is deferred."
"Whereas the self-optimal policy is relatively easy to obtain, the socially optimal policy, which is of more practical importance, often requires a tedious and ad hoc analysis as a result of external effects."
"These will have to be provisional and personal conclusions only, formulated in all modesty, since I am not an expert in several of the more sophisticated methods discussed here."
"This paper was accepted by Anandhi Bharadwaj, information systems."
"Thus hierarchical managers are necessary to actively enforce routine, even after the routine been assimilated, and to introduce innovation, even in this unique setting of perfect incentives."
"While this part integration often reduces the manufacturing cost of the product, it also can extend product development lead time, because complex parts typically require tooling with large lead times."
"In this paper, reasonable bounds on the aggregation error are derived for a variety of reliability models."
"We fill this gap by integrating research from human–computer interaction, motivation, and technology-supported group work to theoretically derive mechanisms for increasing each individual's motivation within a collective setting."
"This paper calculates the minimum required frequency between audits of a given type to meet prespecified accuracy goals for a given type of account."
"We show that the scheme has “optimal” properties for a large class of approximate utility functions."
"Unauthorized subcontracting—when suppliers outsource part of their production to a third party without the retailer’s consent—has been common practice in the apparel industry and is often tied to noncompliant working conditions."
"The order arrives after a fixed lead time, and is then allocated among the several locations. ("
"Through an extensive survey in the food and consumer packaged goods industry, we empirically examine this framework."
"This methodology further provides the average and marginal unit production costs along with necessary and sufficient feasibility conditions for the FMS throughput targets."
"We demonstrate the application of our framework for model estimation and evaluation in production planning and cancer therapy."
"We attribute this difference to the relative frequency of household stockouts and purchase frequency in the milk category."
"The authors extend the one-switch notion to the multiattribute case and identify the families of multiattribute utility functions that are also one-switch."
"This research explores how market competition influences a firm's optimal organizational structure."
"Our results provide empirical support for the usefulness of recent risk-return conceptualizations of risky choice (Bell [Bell, D. E. 1995."
"Our analysis shows that, surprisingly, the opposite may be true—when a firm’s high efficiency is publicly known, the firm may reduce its product quality rather than increase it."
"The framework also offers a scheme for generating hypotheses regarding the effects of values on structures and behavior in cross-national organizations."
"The general conclusion of our examination of the work of the Messrs. Kuehn and Hamburger [Kuehn, A. A., M. J. Hamburger."
"We also prove similar results regarding the optimal time allowances and sequence for the case where only means and supports of job durations are known."
"Such impact is consistent, regardless of whether the VEE interactions involve previous or current consumers."
"Consequently, we also solve the continuous version of the cardinality bundling problem."
"The paper includes an analysis of computational experience and describes how the algorithm can be used in a real time environment with deadlines."
"The culture of the national environment in which an organization operates affects the management process through the collective mental programming of its members, its managers, and the management scientists who offer their theories."
"A system point approach is presented as a framework for obtaining the waiting time distribution for each customer type."
"We show that in systems with discretionary task completion, (i) adding capacity may actually increase congestion, and (ii) task variability in service time can improve system performance."
"It demonstrates that under certain conditions the intuitively optimal mode of centralization becomes less than optimal, and decentralization is the rational and consistent mode."
"Unlike previous work in the area, this paper considers the two activities together as a single production system."
"Although the ISA algorithm so far has only been extensively tested for Mt/M/st + M models, it can be applied much more generally—to Mt/G/st + G models and beyond."
"Economies are achieved if these savings outweigh the increase in ordering costs."
"When we compare the prices posted by different Internet retailers we find substantial dispersion."
"Many recently developed local search procedures for job shop scheduling use interchange of operations, embedded in a simulated annealing or tabu search framework."
"During both simulations and live experiments, our method shows marked improvements, especially in cases of small traffic."
"failure"
"This issue is examined from behavioral and analytical angles."
"Empirically, the multiple-product firm has become the dominant business model for the hedge fund industry."
"The insight for management: There are behavioral implications in cooperate or compete decisions that directly affect outcomes."
"The optimal sequencing and scheduling decisions can be derived by solving a sequence of mixed-integer programming problems, and we report the insights from our computational studies."
"We construct a sample of approximately 20,000 “twin” scientific articles, which allows us to hold constant differences in the nature of the advance and more precisely examine characteristics that predict startup commercialization."
"Multiple sourcing, in particular dual sourcing, is a likely way of dealing with the increased risks faced by buyers."
"Founders use this information to decide whether to continue or shut down."
"Finally, they show that acquisition channels contribute differently to the total customer pool—offline word-of-mouth acquisitions are clustered, whereas magazine acquisitions are dispersed."
"The authors analyze new product development by three international manufacturers that dominate a segment of the electronic component industry."
"An increase in growth option intensity can increase performance–effort sensitivity more than expected-pay–effort sensitivity so that, as incentives increase, pay–performance sensitivity decreases."
"This committee therefore concludes that the accountant's education must include significant work in mathematics, statistics, electronic data processing, behavioral science, business core subjects, and accounting."
"Our result shows that the policy is ineffectual on its own but modestly effective with others when all important factors are considered simultaneously."
"Performance Appraisals and the Impact of Forced Distribution—An Experimental Investigation (p. 54)Johannes Berger, Christine Harbring, Dirk SliwkaWorking hard, or hardly working?"
"A channel stuffing manager ships excess inventory to the downstream channel, allowing him to report sales in excess of demand in order to influence investors' valuation of the firm."
"606 pp."
"$12.00—reviewed by S. B. Littauer;—Owen, Donald B. Handbook of statistical tables."
"The paper is, however, self-contained."
"In the economic systems of most industrial countries the bulk of the sales made by business concerns of any significant size is in the form of credit sales."
"We use variance decomposition analysis to quantify the relative importance of customer, employee, process, location, and market-level effects on customer satisfaction."
"The price of the market volatility is negative."
"These findings suggest that administrative structures that reduce technology leakage are a key feature of the equity joint venture, a result that is inconsistent with a “pure” knowledge-based perspective on alliances."
"The optimal solution to this problem is then used to construct a solution to the infinite-horizon problem that is identical to the finite-horizon solution in early periods."
"In multiparameter Bayesian frameworks, such knowledge is incorporated as a prior."
"Communications to the editor—Comment on the fractile approach to linear programming under risk."
"Thus, we propose a novel framework, incorporating the fluid model with bivariate dependence orders and copulas, to study the impacts of the aforementioned dependence."
"Given their pyramid structure, it is not surprising that one commonly used motivator is the promotion tournament."
"Using a large sample of private credit agreements, I hypothesize and find that a higher debt-contracting value gives rise to smaller ex post measurement errors in accounting numbers used in covenants, and thus borrowers and lenders are less likely to renegotiate financial covenants."
"1965."
"This paper is dedicated to the memory of Bye Wynne, who never held back from life, charging those he touched with his vigor, heart, and mind."
"These managers bargain with each other before arriving at compromise decisions regarding price and quality."
"The long-standing argument that focused operations outperform others stands in contrast to claims about the benefits of broader operational scope."
"Data and the supplementary web appendix are available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2907.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"as well as more recent additions and (ii) to give computational comparisons of three other solution methods with that of El-Shaieb on his 30-city test data."
"The Pitfalls of Subsystem Integration: When Less Is More (p. 659)Sanjiv Erat, Stylianos Kavadias, Cheryl GaimonHow much integration is too much?"
"The proposed method is then applied in simulating the trajectory of a VG process using its difference-of-gammas representation."
"For U.S. investors, the international bond diversification with exchange risk hedging offers a superior risk-return trade-off than the international stock diversification, with or without hedging."
"It is then shown how the application of a partitioning algorithm within Ruefli's framework can overcome these interpretation shortcomings."
"Ultimately, so the argument went, they would come so close together that they would almost inevitably find their own settlement.”"
"Large graphs for which the calculation of the shortest distances between all vertices is required often consist of several parts with limited interconnections."
"We organize the literature into 12 themes."
"However, there has been a growing interest in the use of proactive service when a less urgent customer may become urgent while waiting."
"Following alcohol revenue for restaurants using e-coupons, we find that offering a coupon increases demand during the promotion, and to a lesser degree after the promotion, suggesting that coupons can be used to price discriminate, while an advertising effect is less obvious."
"$7.50;—Schlaifer, Robert, Analysis of Decisions Under Uncertainty."
"We have used the term “implementation” to refer to the manner in which the results of scientific effort may come to be used by the manager."
"Using linear programming results, it is shown that this technique is sensible only if the yield of a bond is a linear function of its duration measures."
"These properties, which affect knowledge management outcomes, can be organized according to whether they are properties of a unit (e.g., individual, group, organization) involved in knowledge management, properties of relationships between units or properties of the knowledge itself."
"Wary of high wholesale prices, a retailer may hold excess inventory to convey a lower willingness to pay in future interactions and thereby strategically undercut future wholesale prices."
"The paper provides several families of utility functions, all of whose members violate the IIA property; moreover, it is shown that the set of utility functions violating the IIA property is quite large, and that it is widespread throughout the entire space of utility functions."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2617.This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"This paper investigates experimentally the effect of private contribution incentives in the presence of a norm enforcement mechanism."
"Our key insight is that increased competition may increase licensing delays and hence inefficiency."
"Our empirical analysis of the global semiconductor industry shows that industry leaders intensify internal linkages across locations when they collocate with direct market competitors, but not when they collocate with innovators in the same technological field."
"At this time, the two-phase method is the most preferred exact method for solving MOMIP problems with two criteria and binary variables."
"The research also shows both the conditions under which it is advantageous for both sides to seek an out of court settlement and the means to estimate the probability of out of court settlements in civil litigation in general."
"We build a duopolistic competition model of second-degree price discrimination with information frictions in which (i) an equilibrium always exists with overlapping product qualities, whereas (ii) an equilibrium with nonoverlapping product qualities exists only if both information frictions and the cost of providing high quality are sufficiently small."
"Lastly, we find some evidence that participants’ resource constraints (potentially affecting unfairness concerns) can impact outcomes under the plan."
"We distinguish between three types of competition: depending on whether firms compete on the basis of their prices only, waiting time standards only, or on the basis of prices and waiting time standards."
"Pre-exposure to product attribute levels undermined the impact of attribute priming, decision framing, and asymmetric dominance on preferential choices."
"However, devices for disposal are much cheaper than those for storage."
"Decision makers are able to terminate the solution procedure at any point prior to completion once a satisfactory, near optimal solution is identified."
"Results shed light on the extent to which reputational mechanisms may act as a check against price obfuscation and other similar practices intended to exploit boundedly rational consumers."
"R&D project or portfolio characteristics are passed upward; while R&D goals and/or budgets and associated levels are passed downward."
"An efficient algorithm is devised for the transformed problem, which leads to the solution in a finite number of applications."
"We answer this question in the negative: Without trading, the investor shares in the cryptocurrency are martingales that converge to a well-defined limiting distribution and, hence, are stable in the long run."
"When all the nodes have a unit weight and the bound is K, the heuristic finds a solution whose cost is at most 3 − 2/K times the minimum; in the general case the error bound is 4."
"The paper develops a model for combining point forecasts into a predictive distribution for a variable of interest."
"Cambridge, Massachusetts: The M.I.T. Press (Published outside the United States by Iliffe Books Ltd., London, England), 1969, 1,369 pp.,"
"The analysis sheds light on various determinants of transaction costs."
"$7.75—reviewed by August B. Mundel;—Fights, Games, and Debates, by Anatol Rapoport."
"After each component is constructed, we are informed as to whether or not it is successful."
"In doing so, we adopt the perspective of product development as a deliberate business process involving hundreds of decisions, many of which can be usefully supported by knowledge and tools."
"Ss inventory policy with variable delivery time."
"One of our objectives is to show how biform games, which introduce unstructured negotiations into game theory analysis, can be used to develop applied theory relevant to strategy."
"Evacuation decisions must be made on the basis of imperfect information, in the form of forecasts."
"We illustrate the generalizability of our approach by studying systems that operate under different priority rules, such as class priority."
"These models perform similarly, achieving overall prediction accuracies of about 58%, but do not surpass the simple strategy of picking the seeds when the goal is to pick as many game winners as possible."
"The insight for management: Benchmarking can be somewhat subjective; this methodology allows for a range of input and output weighting to be tested and derives rankings that are less subject to the input data provided."
"However, if managers cannot be incented contractually, private ownership is thought to be the primary organizational substitute."
"This paper presents some basic results for the case where the study is to be based upon fundamental cost considerations and the assumption of an infinite calling population."
"With the purpose of addressing this void, we investigate the SOHO professionals' adoption patterns of multigenerational IT products."
"We explore the joint optimization of contract parameters and inventory control policy in such environments."
"Jobshop-like queueing systems."
"We maintain the discrete nature of the appointment scheduling problem by considering arrival epochs with discrete supports."
"The value of information research stream reflects relationships established based on economic analysis of information as a commodity in the management of the firm."
"The requester may exert preventive effort to reduce the volume of referrals."
"With limited data on how consumers actually make decisions, how may one predict revenues from offering a particular assortment of choices?"
"Compared to grid-based numerical schemes, the partitioning algorithm gives the closed-form solution without discretization error, and in many cases does not suffer from the curse of dimensionality."
"The linguistic model (1) uses the theory of fuzzy sets to aggregate these common linguistic values and (2) returns a linguistic aggregate evaluation of the control system under review."
"We find numerous aspects of trade execution which are significantly related to the price impact forecast error in economically plausible ways: For example, the predicted price impact overestimates the actual price impact for very large trades, for trades executed in a more patient manner, and for trades where the institution pays higher commissions."
"The model allows for an exogenous decomposition of the total variation in data for each Decision Making Unit (DMU)."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"Rationing and slack are both manifestations of ex post inefficiencies."
"Stochastic trees are extensions of decision trees that facilitate the modeling of temporal uncertainties."
"1979."
"This paper was accepted by Gérard P. Cachon, stochastic models and simulation."
"Thus we have a theoretical justification of a decision rule in a large scale dynamic programming application."
"The insight for management: Online and traditional advertising are effective substitutes."
"The paper presents a means of attempting to account for overhead, as well as function evaluations, in evaluating unconstrained optimization techniques."
"However, the decision times converged after the third week."
"It is shown that despite the increase in size of libraries, their standard of service is declining."
"In addition to shedding managerial insight, these structural properties enable efficient computation of the optimal policy."
"The theory typically assumes that each project or causally related set of projects is independent."
"In contrast the utility model in Experiment 3 is assessed as is traditionally done assuming constant risk attitude across gains and losses."
"Turning to optimal advertising budgets, we find that the equilibrium forward-looking advertising levels are higher for Tropicana, the brand that has higher brand equity and a higher responsiveness to advertising."
"We investigate how information asymmetry and procurement contracting strategies interact to influence the supply chain parties' incentives to collaborate."
"For example, from 1995 to 2004, Toyota consistently carried approximately 30 fewer days of supply than General Motors."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"Unfortunately, very little is known about this problem because exact analysis is extremely difficult."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Jiang, finance."
"This paper was accepted by Pradeep Chintagunta, marketing."
"Specifically, we consider a vendor realizing a sequence of random demands from a group of retailers located in a given geographical region."
"Restocking fees not only can be sustained in a competitive environment, but also are more severe when consumers are less informed about product fit and when consumers place a greater importance on how well products' attributes fit with their preferences."
"We exploit temporal and geographical variation in Craigslist's entry to show that newspapers with greater reliance on classified-ad revenue experience a larger drop in classified-ad rates after Craigslist's entry."
"The authors find that “handshake agreements” (unenforceable components of a contract) establish “induced norms” that are endogenous to a relationship and that agents feel beholden to follow."
"In comparing two commonly used mechanisms, they find no significant difference between the performance of the direct probability-report form and the indirect security-trading form of the market scoring rule."
"We find that enhanced design helps to mitigate strategic behavior by offering consumers a product they value more, making them less willing to risk waiting for a clearance sale and possibly experiencing a stockout."
"Our analysis focuses on the role of founders' social capital as a determinant of these outcomes."
"We show that sequential introduction is better than simultaneous introduction when cannibalization is a problem and customers are relatively more impatient than the seller."
"We show that the endogenous volatility and jump size of debt and equity generated by other firms’ shocks vanish as the number of firms in the economy increases."
"A manufacturer distributes a product through retailers who compete on both price and fill rates."
"The purpose of this paper is to define and discuss a problem related to models."
"Suppose a number of honest, intelligent individuals differ in their rankings of a set of possible actions."
"The authors find that stock recommendations lead to large overnight returns that subsequently reverse over the next few months."
"Using survey-based measures of the dimensions of knowledge flows, we identify sources of systematic measurement error associated with backward citations to both patent and nonpatent references."
"The insight for management: SSDPB adopters also show significant improvement in operating performance relative to nonadopters."
"A Branch and Bound algorithm which uses the bounds obtained by the relaxation was developed and tested."
"Surprisingly, we find that the interaction effect of these two crowdsourced features is negative on user engagement."
"In all three experiments, performance and attitudes were better when subjects were using plans developed by themselves than plans developed by others."
"However, the impact of SDU care is more nuanced for patients admitted from the emergency department and may result in increased mortality risk and hospital length of stay for patients who should be treated in the ICU."
"Our analysis provides new evidence on how and why the value of diversification varies with financial constraints and economic conditions, and it suggests that corporate diversification can serve an important insurance function for investors."
"Each part must be processed at every workstation in the workcell."
"Probability and time are integral dimensions of virtually any decision."
"failure"
"This algorithm is based on a heuristic decomposition procedure and a specialized policy-iteration method to solve the single-item subproblems generated by the decomposition procedure."
"More generally, differences in price delegation behavior across firm types serve as an indicator that monitoring costs and employee skills are important drivers of bargaining behavior."
"However, because haggling is costly, it reduces overall welfare and diminishes the benefits of price discrimination."
"He is in a position to immediately seek and acquire (and benefit from) information."
"In many instances, a more realistic formulation would require that if a menu item is offered, its portion size must be between a specified upper and lower bound."
"Therefore, both parties have an incentive to invest in quality-improvement efforts."
"The panel established low and high values for each one."
"Finally, we test our insights with a numerical example calibrated on data from a solar subsidy program."
"If the reported intentions imperfectly predict actual behavior, then any model of behavior based on the intention data should account for the associated measurement error, or else the resulting predictions will be biased."
"Motivated by the aforementioned spillover effects, first funds outperform follow-on funds, after adjusting for risk."
"Generally, a base warranty is offered when the manufacturer is very cost efficient in providing a warranty relative to the retailer."
"With such a view, a stranger might expect to find managers active in our sessions and in our councils."
"Using prior expectations about price and response time, we show how shopbots can substantially increase consumer utility by searching more intelligently and then selectively presenting offers."
"The present paper has three main objectives."
"Selecting seeds uniformly at random is a basic but compelling strategy in that it distributes seeds broadly throughout the network."
"The crops are modeled in sequences to minimize the detrimental effects of cotton."
"In this paper, we are concerned with the addition of workload limits on the facilities."
"Finally, we demonstrate the scalability of our framework and derive the set of optimal features that maximizes accuracy while minimizing computing time."
"This paper shows that it is still possible to improve such a procedure."
"Our research setting is a premiere innovation fund competition in Beijing, China, where the prize money at stake is economically meaningful, and evaluators are quasi-randomly assigned to evaluate written grant proposals without the possibility of peer influence."
"B.31 113–118.]"
"1) The algorithm is described. ("
"In this respect inspection is valuable."
"This paper was accepted by Yuval Rottenstreich, judgment and decision making."
"This paper was accepted by George Wu, decision analysis."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Which approach should be followed?"
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"In standard models of iterative thinking, players choose a fixed rule level from a fixed rule hierarchy."
"The discount rate which is derived is the reciprocal of the maximal growth rate which is obtained as the largest (positive) root of the non-negative matrix introduced in the first version of the model, while the implicit prices arise from an associated eigenvector."
"We propose an approach to match returning donors to fundraising campaigns on philanthropic crowdfunding platforms."
"Although product development research often focuses on activities prior to product launch, for long-lived, adaptable products like software, development can continue over the entire product life cycle."
"The main advantage of the new approach is that it permits extensive sensitivity analysis which is important given the quality of the data."
"In particular, small innovations get a proportionally larger reward because pharmaceutical firms target them at the inelastic segments of the demand."
"The appearance of this paper at such a late date raises serious questions of professional responsibility and competence, both for the Rand-HUD team and for the management science and operations research communities."
"A new technology is proposed for estimating the systematic (beta) risk of a firm's stock."
"At the same time, they provide a wide range of problems to study."
"Coupons have been a mainstay of marketing for decades all over the world, but their short- and long-run effects on sales are still not understood fully."
"Unlike these methods, we show that in the small-data, large-scale regime, our data-driven policy performs comparably to an oracle best-in-class policy under some mild conditions."
"Our results suggest that, after the ads were removed, consumers were more likely to seek information from websites based on user-generated content or websites that focused on medical treatments not regulated by the FDA, such as Canadian pharmacies and sites promoting herbal remedies."
"Finally, computer organizations following an innovation-oriented strategy earned significantly higher accounting returns regardless of the process management techniques employed, suggesting that these techniques have only a second-order effect on performance in this industry."
"(1) “On a Paper by Scriabin and Vergin” by Elwood S. Buffa, Graduate School of Management, University of California, Los Angeles. ("
"Empirical evidence on the Schumpeterian hypothesis that a concentrated industry allocates relatively more resources to its research and development (R&D) activities has been inconclusive."
"The strategy assumes that excess returns are approximately determined by a time-varying regression with a large number of explanatory variables that are the sample means of past returns."
"We investigate the sensitivity of the cost advantage of inventory pooling to various system parameters, including loading, service levels, demand and production time variability, and structure of the production system."
"The decrease subsequently reverses in the following first fiscal quarter."
"The model assumes that a uniform lot size is manufactured through several operations, with only one set-up at each stage, and that transportation of sub-batches allows an overlap between operations to reduce the manufacturing cycle time."
"The algorithm is “user oriented” in the sense that only a small amount of forecasting work and computation ordinarily must be done to determine the horizon; the nature of the algorithm also makes the exact dependence of the horizon on the forecast clear for sensitivity analysis."
"Message delay is a consequence of the priority assignment given a message, and in many cases enhances the effectiveness not only of the operating unit but of the organization as a whole."
"We also present suggestive evidence that less news coverage of recalls is associated with more fatal car accidents."
"We suggest that costly prosocial behaviors serve as a signal of prosocial identity and that people subsequently behave in line with that self-perception."
"However, we find many practical examples that contradict this claim."
"An arithmetic error in the numerical example given in that paper is discussed, and corrected values of the example are presented."
"Our results suggest that human presence is key to mitigating dishonest behavior and that self-selection into communication channels can be used to screen for dishonest people."
"This paper was accepted by Bruno Cassiman, business strategy."
"The heuristic decision rules investigated vary from simple list processing procedures that consider a single attribute of each work task for assignment, to procedures which are optimal seeking, but which have had their search terminated through the imposition of a limit on the amount of computation time that can be devoted to each search."
"From a practical perspective, these results and conclusions inform efforts to increase or decrease tipping."
"For either market structure, we find that emissions charges near $30 per tonne of CO2 would be the break-even value for adopting CCS capabilities at new coal-fired power plants."
"A general framework for finite state and action POMDP's is presented."
"Comparison of execution times for the three algorithms shows the constant increment (CI) to be generally more efficient."
"Much of the research on MIS implementation which has been conducted in the past decade has focused on identifying and measuring the organizational characteristics which appear to be particularly conducive to either success or failure of system development efforts."
"Specifically, we model a software firm’s trade-off in releasing a buggy product early and investments in fixing it later."
"Consequently, managers who seek cost efficiencies via a strategy of high utilization in tandem with speeding up may find that their strategy backfires because there is a point at which employees are no longer able to compensate for a high workload by working harder, and throughput time counterproductively increases."
"Disagreement drives a wedge between marginal agent versus econometrician beliefs (sentiment)."
"New requests for bookings of elective surgery arrive each day."
"Organizational Change and Employee Stress (p. 240)Michael S. DahlWho Moved My Cheese?"
"For each of the seven identified groups (established suppliers, fast movers, high-tech job shops, stalled giants, established diversifiers, dominant specialists, and laggers) a multi-way analysis of variance is performed to study the influence of various interdependencies measured in term of vertical integration, shared facilities, and shared marketing on two criteria of performance: market share and ROI.The findings indicate, first, that the interdependencies required to achieve high performance are contingent upon the nature of the product R&D-intensive business and its environmental characteristics."
"The cardinal utilities indicate the strength of preference of one alternative relative to others as well as order the alternatives."
"Data, as supplemental material, are available at http://dx.doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2014.2089.This paper was accepted by Uri Gneezy, behavioral economics."
"Thus, our inverse optimization framework extends existing models by including data points of both varying “primacy” and “alignment.”"
"Managers described 283 subordinate organization units in terms of 114 variables often mentioned as indicative of organizational effectiveness."
"Using a generalized form of a technique proposed by Sharpe [17] in a recent issue of this journal, this article develops a portfolio analysis model for a stable Paretian market."
"The contribution of IT flexibility to value is greater in the case of collaborative alliances than in arm's-length alliances."
"We then develop a game-theoretic model of a slow Dutch auction."
"We also show how complexity and uneven rates of turbulence moderate the nonmonotonic relationship between turbulence and integration."
"The value of information measure appears in this context to be useful in detecting temporal changes in the information structure, in a fashion somewhat analogous to the use of control limits."
"The most commonly cited issues with mobile apps are low user engagement and retention levels."
"We develop a technique that sites can use to learn the profile as quickly as possible."
"The modeling framework consists of the development of a baseline model and an integrated model."
"We present a method that dynamically designs elicitation questions for estimating risk and time preference parameters."
"The problem is studied using a two-stage game."
"In this study, we investigate the short- and long-term direct monetary effects of operating a winning athletics program for an academic institution of higher education."
"The weighted ratings of the five categories together determine use behavior and purchase behavior, after controlling for purchase need, experience with similar sites, and previous purchase on the specific sites."
"Our findings provide several new insights for research on inventors, the literature on organizational learning and innovation, and strategy research."
"We show that the equilibrium prices are greater and research and development (R&D) investments lower relative to when price announcements cannot be used strategically."
"The buyer decides after the contest, taking further supplier information into account, on who will be awarded the contract."
"This is done through: the linkage of a set of organizational centers around a mission assignment, the initial search at the overall task level, the search within task components, the broadcast of actions and task laws to all or many centers, the identification and resolution of inconsistencies between components and the conduct of joint search, and the iteration on these steps until an overall consistent set of actions has been established."
"Our analysis involves the Lagrangian relaxation of weakly coupled dynamic programs (DPs), results contributing to the emerging theory of DP duality, and various approximations."
"After the completion of a merger and acquisition (M&A) transaction, the target firm is delisted, but some analysts who covered it retain coverage of the merged firm."
"As a result, such studies include some process for reducing the number of alternatives to be examined in detail."
"The present paper summarizes the results of a detailed empirical investigation of the theory of economic equipment policy as applied to one important kind of industrial equipment, viz line-haul truck-tractor power units."
"This paper introduces a solution procedure for solving the project time/cost tradeoff problem of reducing a project duration at a minimum cost."
"Book Reviews—Administrative Theory in Education."
"is a worthwhile attempt at making the Bayesian decision theory concepts more operational; however, he has fallen far short of this objective."
"Railroad distribution networks are studied in particular, and emphasis is placed on the problem of determining optimal levels of service (improvements, degradations, abandonments) on each arc in the existing network."
"A unit demand from any class is assembled from one manufactured unit and one inventory unit, where the manufactured unit takes one unit of capacity and needs a single period to produce."
"We develop an approximate dynamic programming policy that dynamically rationalizes the fill rates the firm provides to each customer."
"Although decision analysts are quite comfortable with this approach, there has been relatively little consideration of how these discrete approximations affect the results of the analysis."
"This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"Meanwhile, normatively oriented decision analysts continue to insist on the applied usefulness of the subjective expected utility (SEU) model."
"Numerical comparisons are given for both cost models in the case of Weibull failure times."
"This paper was accepted by Mary Barth, accounting."
"However, the first factor loads almost entirely on self-reported risk-preference measures, and this factor explains much of the variation."
"The optimal policy may or may not call for positive dividends during each time period.)"
"We address these gaps via a transaction-level analysis of spatial arbitrage in the wholesale automotive market."
"The practice of administration in marketing has been handicapped by a type of cultural lag."
"New York: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1968, 210 pp.,"
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"We conduct a controlled human subjects experiment where a retailer and supplier either interact through ultimatum offers or dynamically bargain over contract terms, including a wholesale price and, potentially, an order quantity."
"Our paper provides some novel experiments in a financial context to advance the understanding of reference-point formation over time."
"This paper investigates the association of corporate reporting and executive network centrality, which measures an executive’s relative position in a massive network consisting of outside corporate leaders."
"This paper was accepted by Gustavo Manso, finance."
"The authors show several interesting results."
"As ideators with past success attempt to again come up with ideas that will excite the organization, they instead end up proposing ideas similar to their ideas that were already implemented (i.e., they generate less diverse ideas)."
"Results are presented for the 2-dimensional situation, and extended to the more general n-dimensional case."
"The model continues to be updated and evaluated annually."
"Book Reviews—An Introduction to Electronic Data Processing for Business, Leonard W. Hein."
"We first formulate the problem of quoting due dates under the assumption that customer orders are processed on a FCFS basis."
"Specifically, we employ a difference-in-differences approach to compare premove versus postmove citation rates for the recruits' prior patents and corresponding matched-pair control patents."
"In addition, we compare estimates of technical efficiencies of individual hospitals obtained from the two methods."
"failure"
"For special classes of distributions, the solution procedure degenerates, whereby the optimal sequences may be determined by inspection."
"Examples of this setting arise in the case of reliability models with highly reliable components as well as in the case of queueing networks with low traffic."
"The endowment payout rate emerges as a key policy variable that should be set on the basis of budget variables and total return on the endowment, rather than as the result of endowment yield."
"This paper presents a branch and fathom algorithm which is more efficient than the partial enumeration algorithm, and which significantly reduces the computational effort necessary to identify all feasible designs."
"A fourth study demonstrated that similar results can be obtained by allowing decision makers to pregenerate lists of attribute levels on their own."
"Usually, for each type of interruption, a separate queueing analysis is required."
"Therefore, financialization’s effect on spot price dynamics through storage arbitrage is likely modest, even if futures positions and risk premia are substantially altered."
"This paper was accepted by Martin Lariviere, operations management."
"Also, we find that the likelihood of recalls decreases with prior recall experience, indicating the presence of learning."
"In this paper, the comparative effectiveness of three procedures for group opinion summarization: standardized scores, sum of ranks, and zero-one scoring, are studied by means of a simulated nominal group process."
"The observed biases are measured irrespective to risk preferences and they appear under a variety of conditions."
"Unfortunately, the challenge remains that it is unclear how to choose a risk measure that faithfully represents a decision maker’s true risk attitude."
"The philosophy can be characterized as one that seeks to “release as late as possible, but no later!”Our methodology is based on Monte Carlo simulation and consequent optimization by a method that became known as “stochastic counterpart” or “sample path” simulation-based optimization techniques."
"The paper contains first a discussion of the nature and meaning of productivity index numbers."
"Intuitively, the one-core consists of all maximal (for the proposer) proposals which are undominated assuming that the player who makes the proposal does not cooperate in any effort to dominate the proposal."
"The temporal dimension of the problem is handled by constructing a supergraph with a layer for each time period."
"The utility product maximization section includes several numerical examples to illustrate relationships between the findings of this paper and familiar work in game theory by Nash, and by Luce and Raiffa, where this approach has been suggested as a possible method for “arbitration.”"
"This leads to the possibility of some of the members of the team free-riding on the contributions of others."
"We develop performance evaluation and optimization tools for a family of reasonable order policies."
"This article reports on an experiment investigating the effects of a human facilitator and a computerized Group Support System (GSS) on group meeting outcomes."
"The AAAS Committee on Scientific Freedom and Responsibility is undertaking a range of activities directed towards resolving value conflicts between individual scientists or engineers and the society in which they work."
"This paper characterizes the conditions for strong risk aversion and second-order stochastic dominance for cumulative prospect theory."
"Through a stylized two-plant, two-product capacitated manufacturing setting, we show that the performance of the system depends heavily on the allocation mechanism used to assign products to the available capacity."
"Homewood, Ill.: Richard D. Irwin, Inc., 1968, 220 pp.,"
"This delay, however, may increase the degree of information asymmetry between the two firms, resulting in a higher cost of screening."
"The paths are the vehicular transportation networks, pipes and wire networks."
"These questions are in need of much more study."
"The correct affiliation appears above and in the online version."
"Moreover, such differentiation may take interesting patterns, wherein a firm simultaneously attracts multiple distinct consumer segments that are isolated from each other."
"The traditional compensatory multi-attribute model persists in being inconsistent with empirical findings."
"Effect of Information Feedback on Bidder Behavior in Continuous Combinatorial Auctions (p. 811)Gediminas Adomavicius, Shawn P. Curley, Alok Gupta, Pallab SanyalRecent theoretical advances have shown that combinatorial auctions—in which bidders can bid on combinations of goods—can increase the economic efficiency of a trade when goods have complementarities."
"The supplier uses demand information to better plan for a capacity investment decision."
"A novel feature of our experiment is that we study how varying the relationship organization of the sales manager and salesperson to allow for (1) requests by the salesperson for the manager to choose price delegation, and for (2) the manager to award a small bonus after observing the salesperson's decisions, can affect behavior."
"Despite the success of numerous sporadic efforts in the study of organizations, there is at present no unified theory of organizations."
"A number of jobs have to be carried out on a gas transmission network every year, which restrict the transmission capacity of the network while they are in progress."
"Then the second phase determines the total amount to be shipped or received at each activity."
"The purpose of this article is to formulate and test a decision model to increase the return on a pool of liquid assets through the use of Treasury bill futures contracts."
"This paper investigates the relation between the conditional expected equity risk premium and the slope of the term structure of interest rates."
"Due to the allure of equality, the effects are harder to observe when an equal earnings contract is available."
"For instance, we show that reallocating 10% of the average observed investment from Fitness to Beauty can increase profits by up to 15.5% for some cities."
"Subjective probability and the theory of games."
"By making the Web hyperspecific to our interests, does it fragment Internet users, reducing shared experiences and narrowing media consumption?"
"As an intermediate step prior to making policy decisions, a single model is typically selected and used to guide subsequent decisions."
"This paper was accepted by Tyler Shumway, finance."
"The linear plus exponential utility function has received increasing attention of late as a particularly attractive family for evaluating additive gambles for wealth."
"A provider must define its service parameters based on service quality, delay costs, and price."
"For the plant layout problems used by Scriabin and Vergin with a flow dominance greater than 200% visual based methods are superior to computer algorithms."
"Finally, we present an example formulation and computational results for a series of large industrial applications."
"The paper graphs each of four kinds of costs (costs of long promises, costs of missed promises, costs of idle resources, and costs of carrying inventory) against two independent variables, the amount of work-in-process inventory and the tightness of the promises."
"Geographic variation in consumer use of Internet retailers is partly explained by variation in offline shopping costs."
"A procedure is given for approximating the equilibrium behavior of multi-server loss systems having distinguishable servers and multiple customer types under light to moderate traffic intensity."
"We find evidence of consumers learning from inventory information: a decrease in product availability causally attracts more sales in the future; in particular, a 10% increase in past claims leads to a 2.08% increase in cart add-ins in the next hour."
"Findings generally support our proposed model of vicarious learning in this market."
"Empirical data are consistent with hypotheses that this tendency is higher for older firms selling small, high-margin products, offering lower levels of product variety, and facing lower demand uncertainty."
"Software piracy by users is generally believed to harm both software firms (through lower profits) and buying customers (through higher prices)."
"The seven priority rules tested were chosen on the basis that they could be implemented by job shop foremen."
"Microenterprises constitute an important source of employment, and developing such enterprises is a key policy concern in most countries."
"The exact procedure uses characteristics of the optimal solution to reduce the model to a series of knapsack-type problems."
"In particular, efficient signaling entails that the returns price is used to distort the manufacturer’s returns cost, whereas the wholesale price is used only to mitigate the resulting distortion in the retailer’s order quantity."
"A review of the field indicates that considerably more research and analysis is required."
"1961."
"This paper was accepted by Neng Wang, finance."
"Others pursue external responsibility initiatives (such as philanthropy or cause-related marketing)."
"But there is also some evidence of negative returns around earnings announcements for firms that previously issued guidance, suggesting that guidance does not entirely correct optimistic earnings expectations."
"We compared these two risky and sure price promotions for planned purchases across six experiments in the field and in the laboratory."
"We also derive precise conditions under which the seller can increase its profit by adopting a proactive strategy, i.e., adjusting its marketing strategies even before consumer reviews become available."
"An a priori analysis of the concept of executive judgment which provides the rationale of these studies is presented elsewhere [Guetzkow, H., G. A. Forehand."
"By means of two hypothetical examples the models are tested for their computational properties."
"One might intuit that a firm will offer higher quality if its high efficiency is known to consumers than if its efficiency is not known, because it will no longer need to convince consumers that it is not the inefficient firm."
"This paper was accepted by Wei Xiong, finance."
"This paper is intended to be a broad survey of both the present and the potential role of management games in education and research."
"At the trading stage, investors are boundedly rational, and their interpretation of prices injects noise into the price, generating a source of endogenous noise trading."
"This paper was accepted by Renee Adams, finance."
"We hypothesize that certain of the models are important in evaluating the effectiveness of organizations in particular life cycle stages but not in others."
"In this paper, the author proposes that a university can usefully formulate a long range policy for student housing by (1) including in its definition of the housing system all the facilities that are used for housing students, whether on or off-campus and (2) examining the trade-offs available through the use of a formal analytical model."
"Two distinct behavioral economics theories, the trust-embedded model and the level-k model, have emerged to explain how cheap talk works between human decision makers."
"This paper is concerned with formulating, exploring and interpreting the uses and constructs which may be derived from a mathematical model of programming type which expresses more realistically than past efforts the actual conditions of current operations."
"Workers, who in general are cross-trained, may work part time or full time shifts, may start work only at designated shift starting times, and may change job assignments at mid shift."
"Forecasting the mean returns vector and the covariance matrix is a key feature in implementing portfolio theory."
"Operations and Supply Chains is the current title for a department that has evolved through several different titles in recent years, reflecting its evolving mission from a focus on classical operations research at the time of ORSA's founding 50 years ago toward an embrace of a broader body of theory."
"However, an axiom system initially designed by Karni and Schmeidler (KS 1981) and further elaborated upon here does guarantee the desired uniqueness as well as a useful property of “stability” of the derived solution."
"Simulation has proved to be a valuable tool for estimating security prices for which simple closed form solutions do not exist."
"Internet content increases adoption and can be changed more quickly; however, the magnitude of its impact, and therefore its effectiveness as a policy and strategy tool, has until now been unknown."
"The process of information analysis involves joint manager-analyst activities which are aimed at the explication of the implicit decision models which are used for decision making."
"The transaction-level data set includes nearly 50 million transactions (purchase and return) across both online and brick-and-mortar channels."
"Limitations of the scientific method in management science."
"“‘But we can't agree whether A or B is correct,' he concluded, ‘and so we're collecting expert opinions, weighting them appropriately, and programming WESCAC to arbitrate the whole question.’” ("
"We give an example in which there is do such policy."
"Upper and Lower bounds are developed and used to measure the effectiveness of the procedure."
"This paper was accepted by Jesper Sørensen, organizations."
"Unless properly accounted for, reporting bias may severely distort the distribution of public feedback relative to the underlying distribution of private transaction outcomes and, thus, hamper the reliability of feedback mechanisms."
"Discrete optimal control of production plans."
"Specifically, a conservative accounting regime may increase the likelihood of projects being discontinued, inducing some firms to exit from the product market and leaving rivals to capture their market share."
"The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2016.2663.This paper was accepted by Lee Fleming, entrepreneurship and innovation."
"However, some have found it difficult to predict a disposition effect while others produce a more extreme prediction where investors never voluntarily sell at a loss."
"failure"
"Investor Sentiment and Analysts' Earnings Forecast Errors (p. 293)Paul Hribar, John McInnisAre stock analysts sentimental?"
"This is a primal-dual algorithm which utilizes a flow augmentation primal and a shortest path dual procedure."
"My main criticism is directed at the emphasis they placed on the size and complexity of their computer program that allegedly solved this admittedly large and complex problem."
"We estimate an option pricing model and analyze its parameter estimates."
"can be shared among parts and is limited in availability."
"Evaluatie der behaalde resultaten."
"It is commonly believed that piracy of information goods leads to lower profits, which translate to lower incentives to invest in innovation and eventually to lower-quality products."
"A complexity rating that is a function of the flow dominance and the upper and lower bound to the value of flow dominance is defined for facilities layout problems."
"Customers of the same portfolio are always served by an agent of the corresponding team."
"To illustrate our model we calibrate the model to price and response time data collected at online bookstores over a six-month period."
"SSDPB adopters also show significant improvement in operating performance relative to nonadopters."
"The banking industry study proposed a new measure, the time-weighted rate of return, which is not dependent on the contribution and withdrawal pattern."
"More on planning for freedom."
"In several experiments, we manipulate advisor quality and measure the extent to which advice agrees with a person’s initial opinion."
"The principal structure exploited to date is that of a tree, i.e., a connected network without cycles."
"The methods considered include seasonal autoregressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) modeling; periodic autoregressive modeling; an extension of Holt-Winters exponential smoothing for the case of two seasonal cycles; robust exponential smoothing based on exponentially weighted least absolute deviations regression; and dynamic harmonic regression, which is a form of unobserved component state-space modeling."
"Enough of apologies."
"The aim is to minimize the makespan for a given set of coils."
"This delay, however, may increase (respectively, decrease) the degree of information asymmetry between the two firms, resulting in a higher (respectively, lower) cost of screening."
"We use the precise timing of high-profile police brutality and other racially charged events in the United States (2010–2020) to identify their effect on antiracism requests relative to a control group."
"This paper shows that the widely appearing “marginal cost” formulations of the dynamic, periodic review, stochastic cash balance problem are equivalent to a “total cost” formulation, as long as the holding, shortage cost, and “closing of account” functions are constructed correctly."
"The extended model was strongly supported for all four organizations at all three points of measurement, accounting for 40%–60% of the variance in usefulness perceptions and 34%–52% of the variance in usage intentions."
"It is shown by an experiment that for plant layout problems with a flow dominance less than 200% computer algorithms are superior to visual based methods."
"When choosing how much capacity to build or reserve with a supplier, the trade-off is clear: Too much capacity results in underutilized facilities or depressed prices, whereas too little capacity results in reduced sales and suboptimal profit and growth."
"Books Received"
"The application of these results to portfolio insurance is emphasized, and hedging strategies studied by Black and Jones and by Brennan and Schwartz are generalized."
"Altogether, CDS firms tend to have a lower firm value and more volatile equity returns than non-CDS firms."
"With the stated purpose, it is hoped that this paper will stimulate future research in this important problem area."
"A significant strategic and program design issue was how to balance intensive and specialized services with the need to respond to the heterogeneous needs of a broad clientele."
"This paper provides evidence that stock traders focus on round numbers as cognitive reference points for value."
"Banks charge fees for consumers who opt to cancel a check, use a foreign ATM, or use a debit card."
"The authors show that the optimal order-acceptance policy requires prioritization of orders, rationing based on resource imbalances, and matching available capacity and inventory to demand."
"Put differently, people predict that others’ choices will reveal a more muted form of prospect theory’s fourfold pattern of risk preferences than actually prevails."
"To this end, we propose a way of assessing a person's inherent risk preference that factors out individual and situational differences in risk perception."
"If she does not find it easy and comfortable to answer the questions posed by the algorithm, then she will very likely give inconsistent answers, and the method will fail to find her most preferred solution."
"Using hierarchical statistical methods, we show significant improvements in the reliability of individual risk preference parameter estimates over other common methods for cumulative prospect theory."
"Dynamic panel analysis, instrumental variables, and a variety of robustness checks are used to address measurement error concerns and to add support for a more causal interpretation of the results."
"Diagnosing the nature and magnitude of competitive interactions among firms is important for developing effective marketing strategies."
"We explore whether meta-predictions can also be used to improve forecasts by identifying and leveraging the expertise of forecasters."
"And it is worth remembering that many of the familiar management techniques of today were not traditional concepts 20 years ago."
"We also show that the loss experienced when implementing periodic pricing reviews instead of continuous policies is small when the appropriate number of reviews is chosen."
"Determinants and Outcomes of Internet Banking Adoption (p. 291)Mei Xue, Lorin M. Hitt, Pei-yu ChenWhat factors drive the decision to adopt an Internet banking service and subsequent customer profitability?"
"Under the conventional assumption that appropriate levels of compensation for the required capital are needed before such large-scale projects are undertaken, the analysis focuses on the rate of return required to induce the large-scale capital expenditures."
"The analysis integrates the interactions of offensive weapon arsenals, vulnerable offensive weapons within these arsenals, defensive weapons, and value targets reflecting the national assets at stake."
"An entry too early may risk pushing an under-developed product into the marketplace, with possible negative results; however, a product/technology may sacrifice sales if entry is delayed too long."
"The method mechanism directly influences learning behaviors, while the psychological mechanism directly affects knowledge creation."
"Banks optimally select correlated investments and thereby expose themselves to fire-sale risk so as to sharpen their incentives."
"As one would expect, the buyer offer strategy involves “shading”. ("
"As a result, the firm can reach potential high-valuation consumers in parts of the network that would otherwise remain untouched without the price drops."
"Justifications frequently appeared to be overlapping or duplicative."
"Understanding the relationship between the preferences of individuals and the preferences of the aggregate economy is crucial for understanding the connection between the behavioral finance literature, which focuses on individual preferences, and the asset-pricing literature, which focuses on aggregate prices."
"main point that there is little evidence of learning (i.e. improvement in the accuracy of estimates) in the period before work starts."
"Overall, these systems are valuable in terms of recognizing TQM firms and promoting awareness of TQM."
"Several interesting economic insights emerge from our analysis."
"In both schemes, the component suppliers are allowed to freely form coalitions (or alliances) among themselves to better coordinate their pricing or production decisions."
"failure"
"Further, we propose that this learning will vary across the dual-technology frontier (DTF), where the high-technology frontier (HTF) and low-technology frontier (LTF) map onto innovative activities driven by technological opportunity and user needs."
"A two-stage framed field experiment building on cumulative prospect theory is designed to test this hypothesis."
"Negative binomial count and dispersion models with patent citation data demonstrate that new combinations are indeed more variable."
"If he decides to test, then having obtained the additional information he can again either take the action or continue looking."
"The model used is in the form of a “logistics” or “diffusion” function."
"Maximizing average audience size is a major objective of national television networks."
"Finally, we formalize the notion of a “most likely path to failure” in the setting of highly reliable Markovian systems."
"Consequently, it is useful to consider the level of social inefficiency introduced when the design of a priority scheme is turned over to a revenue-maximizing firm."
"It replaces two basic variables by two non-basic variables at each iteration."
"The findings suggest that the risk of receiving stress-related medication increases significantly for employees at organizations that undergo change and that, as the breadth and scope of the organizational tumult expand, so does the use of such stress-related medication."
"The same basic model structure is shown to be applicable to several types of gasoline marketing promotions and to various nongasoline promotions as well."
"Mixed-model assembly occurs when more than one model of the same general product are intermixed on one assembly line."
"This paper was accepted by Matthew Shum, marketing."
"We also find that increased prices only occur when the charitable donation is a percentage of the auction revenue, and that a fixed charitable donation associated with each auction has no effect on prices."
"We study direct shipping policies, i.e., policies in which each retailer is served independently."
"Management Sci.4(2, Jan.) 115–135.],"
"If the offer is accepted, the seller provides the good with a stochastic quality that is not contractible."
"This paper applies, to ballistic missile systems, replacement policies for equipment subject to stochastic failures in which the actual state of the system—good or failed—is not known with certainty."
"The analysis shows that competition can breed a demand for produce-to-stock, just as other economic phenomena such as economies of scale, uncertainty, or seasonality can induce make-to-stock, and that delivery-time competition increases the buyer's welfare while decreasing the producer's welfare."
"We find that price and assortment share are the two most important point-of-sale factors in determining a brand’s purchase share."
"The loss of effectiveness was also more pronounced for ads with a smaller presence on the webpage and for ads that did not have additional interactive, video, or audio features."
"Indeed, we find evidence that the bene fits of waste prevention alone are responsible for the observed association between lower emissions and profitability."
"Furthermore, our results indicate a dynamic component missing from static debt structure models: Debt heterogeneity entails additional covenants (i.e., constraints) when raising future debt."
"Fourth, consistent with empirical findings and contrary to standard agency theory predictions, the relationship between pay-performance sensitivity and firm performance and that between pay-performance sensitivity and firm risk can be nonmonotonic."
"We investigate whether the gender composition of teams affects their economic performance."
"We identify analysts’ information acquisition patterns by linking EDGAR (Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval) server activity to analysts’ brokerage houses."
"In contrast to the previous literature, we find that concurrent bundling by competitors, if it occurs in equilibrium, is profitable."
"Although many practicing decision analysts have already adopted influence diagrams as modeling and structuring tools, they may remain unaware of the theoretical work that has emerged from the artificial intelligence community."
"The prices of risk of these moments should not be confused with the price of risk of powers of the market return, such as coskewness and cokurtosis."
"For nearly two decades, the user-satisfaction construct has occupied a central role in behavioral research in Information Systems (IS)."
"Our analysis takes explicitly into account that the supply of electricity at the wholesale level (generation) is organized competitively in some U.S. jurisdictions, whereas in others a regulated utility provides integrated generation and distribution services."
"Suggestions for who should make these comparisons and how they might be done are given."
"Using an analytical model of abatement, we show how aversion to model uncertainty influences the optimal level of mitigation."
"Process flexibility results from being able to build different types of products in the same plant or production facility at the same time."
"Habits are critical to generate positive real premia by altering the comovement of real rates and productivity shocks."
"Additional analysis is performed to assess the proxies on nonmortgage credits by leveraging consumer credit bureau data."
"Uppsala, Sweden: Almqvist and Wiksells, 1969, 233 pp.,"
"Anticipating a higher premium, the low-demand firm has an incentive to pretend to have the higher demand forecast to obtain more profit."
"We also compute time trends in inventory turnover and adjusted inventory turnover, and find that both have declined in retailing during the 1987–2000 period."
"Assuming risk neutrality of the seller, the optimal reserve price should not depend on the number of participating bidders."
"Organizational slack is defined as the excess of resources allocated over the minimum necessary to accomplish the tasks assigned."
"In this paper, we present constant factor approximation algorithms for the cardinality- and capacity-constrained assortment-optimization problem under the Markov chain model."
"We find that highly valued, profitable firms with high-value added per employee and suppliers farther away with higher competition are more likely to outsource using purchase contracts."
"Because other consequences of relegation would tend to work against individuals’ long-run success, the positive net gain is most likely to be the result of greater on-the-job experience."
"Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall, Inc. Pp."
"The underlying concepts are that of quasi-concavity and quasi-monotonicity."
"A portfolio of customers with different demand lead times gives rise to what we call advance demand information."
"Decoys are more effective in shifting agreements from a very unequal contract to a less unequal one rather than the reverse."
"It is thereby useful for assessment of the many complicated hybrid structures that we see in actual decision-making organizations, such as banks, purchasing departments, and military intelligence."
"Firms often have to make their production decisions under conditions of demand uncertainty."
"Precise, compared with round, asking prices lead to counteroffers and final agreements that are closer to the asking price."
"The problem, which is an example of a multi-commodity capacitated trans-shipment problem, is solved by the technique suggested by Ford and Fulkerson [Ford, L. R., D. R. Fulkerson."
"In this paper an attempt is made to formulate a simple mathematical model which concentrates on the individual's creative output (Section 2); Section 3 contains some brief hints on how to apply it in the framework of an organization."
"This paper explores how government restrictions designed to prevent selective advertising affect the types of information to which consumers are exposed."
"Unimodal intertemporal decisions involve comparing options of the same type (e.g., apples now versus apples later), and cross-modal decisions involve comparing options of different types (e.g., a car now versus a vacation later)."
"The restrictions imply that previously studied affine USV models are unlikely to be able to generate the observed cross section of yield volatilities."
"A comparison is made of the sources and consumers of R and D funds in the U.S. and Israel, particularly as related to size of firms."
"The optimal investment proportions in all assets may be found by solving a stochastic program having one random variable and one decision variable via a search technique."
"We report extensive computational testing on all the problems available from the literature."
"The algorithm terminates when all intervals have been eliminated."
"Studies in Applied Probability and Management Science."
"Our results confirm that bias at the ride request stage has been eliminated."
"If one has bogged down, the other server does both parts of each job."
"After an introductory overview, this paper describes the contexts in which auctions arise, reviews the “mainstream” theory of single, isolated auctions and discusses the important work involved in enrichment of this theory."
"These primitives allow us to simulate caller behavior under a variety of personalized priority policies and hence, collect relevant operational performance measures."
"This paper was accepted by Suraj Srinivasan, accounting."
"Consumers may strategically choose when to purchase, and they may also choose to purchase from the firm or from the speculators."
"This paper was accepted by Juanjuan Zhang, marketing."
"Management Sci.17(3) 208–218.]"
"New York: American Management Association, 1967, 112 pp.,"
"We develop a Tabu Search method for the problem that incorporates long term memory, probabilistic move selections, hierarchical move evaluation, candidate list strategies and an elite solution recovery strategy."
"A quadratic programming approach is used to generate mean-variance efficient frontiers that reflect the covariability of returns on insurance lines and assets."
"Section II discusses the character of scientific method in order to form a basis for the ideas to be described under Sections III, IV, and V. Section III considers linear equations, with examples being given of their application to management problems."
"As it turns out, the eyes boring into the back of the “cutter” might be the best enforcement mechanism to reduce cutting."
"The quality of these decisions can be of great importance to the profitability of an individual company, and when viewed on a national scale these decisions have a significant influence on the efficiency of the economy as a whole."
"The purchasing threshold captures the psychological resistance to online purchasing that may grow or shrink as a customer gains more experience with the purchasing process at a given website."
"A series of models is developed to handle time stationary and nonstationary demand functions and approximations are presented allowing the use of modified deterministic models to solve stochastic problems."
"Model implications are verified using two empirical studies: (a) a longitudinal experiment (simulating markets with variety-seeking consumers and inertial consumers) and (b) market data on promotion usage."
