"We find that callers experience three to six times less discomfort per unit of time while waiting for callbacks than while waiting in queue, suggesting that offering callbacks can increase service quality by channeling callers to an alternative service channel where they experience less discomfort while waiting."
"Empirically, higher volatility of electricity prices leads to an increase in cash holdings, and this effect is robust to instrumenting for price risk using weather volatility."
"I find that the mission, whether matched or random, increases effort compared to the no-mission condition."
"This suggests that superstitious belief still affects economic activities."
"The change in the sampling level is indeterminate because, while increased sampling productivity means that firms have incentives to increase sampling, the increase in the equilibrium goodwill level indirectly reduces the marginal productivity of sampling, thus reducing the incentives to sample."
"The findings suggest that the risk of receiving stress-related medication increases significantly for employees at organizations that change, especially those that undergo broad simultaneous changes along several dimensions."
"Such campaigns often take the form of charity-linked promotions, whereby a firm donates a specific amount to a charitable cause when a customer takes up the promotion through a related purchase."
"Moderate turbulence reduces the value of flexibility by making supplier selection more difficult and increases the value of commitment by mitigating the status quo bias of integrated structures."
"Our results provide field-based evidence that PFP and participative goal setting affect the level and accuracy of goals, effects that are associated with both information exchange and with managers' incentives to influence goals."
"We study how monetary policy affects the funding composition of the banking sector."
"This paper identifies a number of obstacles to international generalizability, and shows how they affect technical systems research and social systems research in different ways."
"In comparison to the case where there is no social learning, we show that (i) when the uncertainty is relatively low, the firm opts for a product of inferior design accompanied by a lower price, while (ii) when the uncertainty is high, the firm chooses a product of superior design accompanied by a higher price; interestingly, we find that the product’s expected quality decreases either in the absolute sense (in the former case), or relative to the product’s price (in the latter case)."
"One explanation is that IS spending may lead to increases in product quality or variety which tend to be overlooked in the aggregate statistics, even if they increase output at the firm-level."
"Whereas most of these characteristics predict proxy contests in time series, prior to proxy contests, targets also experience poor stock performance, decreases in investments, increases in cash reserves and payouts to shareholders, and increases in management’s entrenchment."
"Instead, we provide evidence that expanding the menu of choices or making an agent aware of choices that she has been denied can affect how a contract is valued."
"On the other hand, long production runs increase the average makespan (time to completion) of coils."
"A natural idea, which should intuitively increase the provider’s profit, is to sell these idle instances on a secondary market, for example, via a preemptible spot market."
"This is because contractually specified incentives inevitably have conflicting effects: they simultaneously increase the likelihood of welfare-improving investments and welfare-reducing opportunistic behavior."
"Our experiment results in an increase in loan repayments in the sample period."
"Using prior expectations about price and response time, we show how shopbots can substantially increase consumer utility by searching more intelligently and then selectively presenting offers."
"Consequently, the incentives for providers to improve service quality may disappear if providers upcode, i.e., misreport HAIs (possibly unintentionally) in a manner that increases reimbursement or avoids financial penalties."
"We also exploit a feature of structured finance that identifies rating shopping and find that incumbent ratings increase in shopping."
"It extends some of Bellman's work in that the transformed states at successive stages may not have the properties demanded by Bellman; e.g., the state norm need not diminish at all, and can, in fact, increase."
"In particular, we find that, contrary to the conventional war of attrition where an increase in benefits for the follower generally delays the first move, an increase in the rate of learning—which tends to benefit the follower—can hasten the first investment."
"Results from six laboratory studies and a field experiment demonstrate that exposure to messages that praise customers for good deeds can increase subsequent self-interested and self-indulgent behaviors more than messages that publicize a company’s good deeds or thank consumers for their patronage."
"Furthermore, that increase is driven by both the operator and the service provider."
"If consumers’ values to subsequent goods decrease quickly, we show by example that one should expect bundling to be suboptimal."
"For example, the U.S. Government's policy of revealing losing bids may cause regret-sensitive bidders to anticipate regret and bid conservatively, decreasing the government's revenue."
"In the single-period problem, random capacity does not affect the optimal policy but results in a unimodal, nonconvex cost function."
"We find that ETF activity increases short-run informational efficiency for stocks with weak information environments."
"The model also predicts that sorting under asymmetric information causes the firm to turn away more candidates than would be efficient; PPS increases in the cost of hiring the manager and in the manager's outside option, but decreases in output risk, information risk, and managerial risk aversion; and the firm becomes more selective in hiring as either the manager's outside option, the cost of hiring, risk aversion, output risk, or information risk increases."
"We find that both features of sponsorship significantly increase willingness to compete among men on average, while neither of these channels significantly increases willingness to compete among women on average."
"When manufacturers do not have sufficient capacity to meet demand and cannot increase prices, they have to determine other methods to allocate goods among retailers."
"The relative accuracy of C-MSKF increases with decreasing length of historical time series data, increasing forecasting horizon, and sensitivity of school districts to the economic cycle."
"Each job to be processed incurs a loss which increases linearly with its waiting time."
"Furthermore, for “very high” search levels, even the system profit (sum of manufacturer and retailer profits) may decrease upon centralization."
"First, we find that both accommodating line-sitting and selling priority can bring in extra revenue for the service provider, although by different means—selling priority increases revenue mainly by allowing the service provider to practice price discrimination that extracts more customer surplus, whereas line-sitting does so through demand expansion, attracting customers who would not otherwise join."
"Computational results show that the best among the frequency-based direct shipping policies used to obtain the worst-case results gives an average percent increase error, with respect to a lower bound on the optimal cost of the problem in which routing is allowed, of 6.44% on a large set of randomly generated problem instances."
"With a data set consisting of automobile sales transaction data from a major U.S. automaker, the authors find a 20% improvement in prediction accuracy over state-of-the-art benchmark models, which can result in a 10% increase in revenues from optimizing the offer set."
"Counter-intuitive examples where reducing switchover time can increase WIP are also reported."
"We also find that increased automation improves the ratings on clinical quality by 6.9% and decreases admissions of less profitable residents by 14.7% on average."
"Consistent with the developed theory, shifting to a temporally frequent quota structure leads to an increase in sales performance for low-performing salespeople by preventing them from giving up in later periods within a quota-evaluation cycle, but to a decrease in sales performance for high-performing salespeople."
"It is commonly held that the “Matthew Effect” dominates—wider distribution of rewards increases the overall welfare of the contest."
"Prior work suggests that an increase in patient volume in a hospital service is associated with reduced costs per patient in that service."
"We find that the content submission significantly increases engagement and retention by reducing users’ hazard of ending a session by approximately 11% relative to the baseline and reducing the hazard of abandoning the game app by 14%."
"Although orginally developed to allocate budget increases, the model may be used in allocating budget cuts as well; this form of the model is also presented."
"Finally, we examine the efficiency of these procedures and show that as the degree of common values increases, fewer mutually beneficial agreements are attained."
"In this supply chain, a horizontal merger at any other tier will decrease consumer price when the cost reduction exceeds a certain threshold that is larger than the premerger markup."
"Overall, our experiments offer little evidence that gender composition affects expression of minority views."
"Results indicate good performance which deteriorates as the fill rate requirement and lead time increase."
"To increase revenue or improve customer service, companies are increasingly personalizing their product or service offerings based on their customers' history of interactions."
"In this note, we point out that a similar formula holds if the requirements increase up to a certain value, then decrease."
"In a study of the global semiconductor industry, the authors find that, in addition to serving as a mechanism for sourcing knowledge, strong internal linkages help firms increase internalization and create higher levels of technological interdependence across firm locations."
"The cost of increasing production from one period to the next is a concave function of the increase; similarly, the cost of decreasing production is a concave function of the decrease."
"The resulting reduction in borrowing capacity affects significantly both investment and employment: for firms whose effective capital requirements increase by 1 percentage point, fixed assets are reduced by 1.1%, capital expenditures by 2.7%, and employment by 0.8%.This paper was accepted by Tomasz Piskorski, finance."
"Effect of Information Feedback on Bidder Behavior in Continuous Combinatorial Auctions (p. 811)Gediminas Adomavicius, Shawn P. Curley, Alok Gupta, Pallab SanyalRecent theoretical advances have shown that combinatorial auctions—in which bidders can bid on combinations of goods—can increase the economic efficiency of a trade when goods have complementarities."
"This underestimation stabilizes over time because negative consequences decrease the likelihood of choosing the law-of-effect strategy in the future."
"Clearly, what you search for is being used as information; advertisers use online customer data to target their marketing and increase its effectiveness."
"Despite the increase in state space from the use of “converse” functions, we show that the computational burden of the algorithm does not increase."
"The dramatic increase in the arrivals of potential detainees since 2003 suggests that approximately 50,000 beds are currently required, although the estimation of future arrival rates is very difficult due to uncertainties about the future direction of U.S. immigration policy."
"We investigate two hypotheses regarding stimulus-based causes of preference uncertainty."
"We find that the adoption of CPOE systems significantly increases patient complexity reported by hospitals, corresponding to an estimate of $1 billion increase in Medicare reimbursements per year."
"Although the incentives for the United States and Russia to preempt increase, the incentives of the other countries decrease, with the combined effect over all coalitions of decreasing the incentive to preempt."
"Numerical evaluations of a range of price increases and times to the price increase suggest that, with certain important caveats, the average-cost formulae are likely to be acceptable for most practical situations for the infinite horizon situation."
"Disclosure policy (which sets a protected period given to a vendor to release the patch for the vulnerability) indirectly affects the speed and quality of the patch that a vendor develops."
"Internet content increases adoption and can be changed more quickly; however, the magnitude of its impact, and therefore its effectiveness as a policy and strategy tool, has until now been unknown."
"In particular, we show that it is optimal to increase the density of distribution centers (DCs) when the shortage penalty cost increases, and to decrease the density of DCs when a certain unit transportation cost parameter increases."
"The results suggest that both social learning and social utility are at work, and the attenuation in the recipient’s purchase is mainly driven by a decrease in social learning resulting from credibility concerns."
"The study used three different models to make ex ante forecasts of the U.S. air travel market from 1963 through 1968.These hypotheses imply that econometric methods are more accurate for long-range market forecasting than are the major alternatives, expert judgment and extrapolation, and that the relative superiority of econometric methods increases as the time span of the forecast increases."
"To inform better labor decisions, this paper studies how workload affects banks’ operational risk event occurrence."
"This allows platforms to increase their ad intensity on those that do not use the ad blockers and achieve higher returns than in a world without ad blockers."
"The Effect of Information Technology–Enabled Flexibility on Formation and Market Value of Alliances (p. 207)Ali Tafti, Sunil Mithas, M. S. KrishnanHow can information technology (IT) affect the likelihood of success of alliances and joint ventures?"
"I address potential endogeneity concerns by using instrumental variable analysis, and by showing that innovation increases significantly after new public debt offerings and seasoned equity offerings, but does not change after new bank loans."
"I exploit a natural experiment, where different labels remove DRM from their entire catalogue of music at different times, to examine whether relaxing an album’s sharing restrictions increases sales."
"While initially the ISP profit increases as more customers are drawn to the Internet, it eventually decreases as the spatial competition becomes more intense."
"However, although expected profit increases as logistics flexibility is positioned closer to the source of variability (i.e., downstream for demand variability and upstream for supply variability), locating process flexibility anywhere except at the stage with variability leads to the same decrease in expected profit."
"Theoretically, we show that the value of a growth option increases in idiosyncratic volatility but its response to volatility of aggregate shocks can be either positive or negative depending on option moneyness."
"It is shown that despite the increase in size of libraries, their standard of service is declining."
"The framework allows such initiatives to impact inventory management and revenue-enhancing measures that, in turn, increase manufacturer profit margins, or affect profit margins directly."
"Standard economic theories predict that channel efficiency increases with the introduction of the fixed fee and is invariant to its framing."
"Our difference-in-differences test reveals an increase in GC opinions following the ruling for near-insolvent Delaware firms."
"More generally, altering customers’ tipping behavior will not itself adversely affect those customers’ subsequent satisfaction, repatronage, or spending, as long as the means used to alter tipping do not directly affect these other outcomes."
"In this paper, we use detailed data from an Indian software services firm to examine how such changes may affect the accumulation of experience within, and the performance of, teams."
"Results indicate that, as salespeople get closer to reaching their quota, their effort increases regardless of the week, and their bargaining position weakens (i.e., they offer lower prices), but only in the final week of the month."
"Therefore, large banks, or those with greater reliance on wholesale funding, increase their wholesale funding more."
"We argue that a firm’s resource endowment affects decision makers’ risk tolerance: Managers in firms with large stocks of resources are buffered from the threat of failure and conform to the prediction of greater risk taking in response to performance decreases; managers in firms with limited resources view low performance as a step closer to failure and decrease risk taking in response to performance decreases."
"In contrast, we find significant and persistent increases in physical activity for those assigned (oftentimes against their preference) to the same gain-loss incentives."
"This finding suggests that the interaction between disagreement and underreaction to earnings news affects asset prices."
"Analyses of demutualizations that did not involve public listing of shares suggest that explanations based on wealth, liquidity, and tax-related incentives do not drive the results, and that the ownership of publicly listed shares was instrumental in generating the increase in conservative voting."
"This sufficient condition requires that the willingness of a customer to pay a premium for the product does not increase over time."
"We further find that liquidity clientele affects corporate bond prices—specifically, liquidity premia are lower among corporate bonds heavily held by investors with weaker preference for liquidity."
"Specifically, a conservative accounting regime may increase the likelihood of projects being discontinued, inducing some firms to exit from the product market and leaving rivals to capture their market share."
"Using this instrumental variable approach and controlling for operational, demographic, and patient condition-related characteristics, we find the following: on average, an extra minute during a focal home health visit is associated with a 1.39% decrease in the likelihood of readmission to the hospital following that visit."
"In a repeat business context, past experiences with a service provider affect customers' decisions to renew their contract."
"The insight for management: Evaluate both what analysts say and what they may feel; investor sentiment may affect the earnings expectations of hard-to-value firms."
"Economies are achieved if these savings outweigh the increase in ordering costs."
"The industry peers cut their capital spending, free cash flows, and cash holdings, and increase their leverage and payouts to shareholders."
"Increases in organization size and external pressure also increase the likelihood of adoption."
"These changes in behavior are not associated with short-run increases in customer profitability, but customers who adopt online banking have a lower propensity to leave the bank."
"Even if the inaccuracy is small, an inadequately calibrated prediction model may cause substantial losses."
"The purpose of this paper is to provide a framework for integrating the various views and analyzing the various factors that affect centralization and decentralization."
"The results suggest that “hybrid” (i.e., less hierarchical) governance institutions increase adaptation costs."
"We then derive the optimal insurance contracts to deal with the information asymmetry and show how the firm’s characteristics affect the optimal contracts."
"While coupons increase profits on average, the effect on each firm’s profits depends on the firm’s characteristics."
"Existing procedural justice studies to date offer only pieces of the picture on how procedural justice judgments affect behavior."
"Using recent chief financial officer surveys, we examine the sensitivity of investment plans to interest rate expectations and find that, for most firms, investment is extremely insensitive to interest rate decreases and only modestly more responsive to increases."
"This consumer characteristic largely drives the dynamics of search that can easily be mistaken as increases from experience at the individual level."
"Under our model assumptions and for a particular item considered in our case study, we show that a rigorous optimization approach to the promotion vehicle scheduling problem allows the retailer to increase its profit by 2% to 9%.The online appendix is available at https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2017.2926.This paper was accepted by Yinyu Ye, optimization."
"Multiattribute One-Switch Utility (p. 602)Ilia Tsetlin, Robert L. WinklerThe “one-switch” property states that the preference between any two lotteries switches at most once as wealth increases."
"We study how the menu of contracts presented to a decision maker—including contracts she may be precluded from choosing—affects her choice of remunerative but risky actions relative to lower paying, less risky alternatives."
"For example, an additional 10 days of competition from professional sports in 1987 would have resulted in a 4% decrease in both attendance and wagering."
"developed a simple model to analyze the implications of a growing research organization and the resulting increase of internal mail on the creative productivity of the individual worker of that organization."
"The results showthat (1) university inventions are more likely to be licensed when patents are effective; (2) when patents are effective, university technology is generally licensed to noninventors; (3) when patents are effective, licensing back to inventors increases the likelihood of license termination and reduces the likelihood of invention commercialization; and (4) the effectiveness of patents increases royalties earned for inventions licensed to noninventors."
"We then develop the insight that in the presence of high-probability cycles care should be taken in allocating the new transition probabilities so that the variance accumulated over these cycles does not increase without bounds."
"This paper develops a comprehensive picture of how procedural justice affects managers' in-role and extra-role behavior in the business context."
"We find that (i) style turbulence follows a U-shaped relationship with respect to function turbulence (the turbulence of product functions associated with a given style), and (ii) style turbulence increases over time."
"As expected, performance decreases following the merging of two laboratory firms."
"Thus, to satisfy their service goals in a cost-effective manner, call centers may employ permanent operators who always provide service, and temporary operators who provide service only when the call center is busy, i.e., when the number of customers in system increases beyond a threshold level."
"Using data on 47,915 new plant ventures in U.S. manufacturing, the author finds that incumbents and diversifying entrants establish significantly more productive new plants than entrepreneurial entrants and that this advantage significantly increases with the importance of learning by doing in an industry."
"We examine how regulatory burdens affect the investment and innovation of newly public firms."
"Greater involvement from customer investors thus increases funding success."
"Our results provide new insight into the mechanism through which investor sentiment affects returns."
"Among other things, they affect the implicit models in people's minds of what the act of organizing means."
"This paper investigates how the presence of social learning affects the strategic interaction between a dynamic-pricing monopolist and a forward-looking consumer population, within a simple two-period model."
"I further show that the issuance of callable contingent capital does not affect the default risk of an outstanding senior standard bond."
"The effect has generally been a large increase in both the population and land area of the cities, as the nearby rural areas are taken out of agricultural production and urbanized."
"Empirically, we test model predictions and find that larger disagreement (i) lowers the risk-free rate, (ii) raises the slope of the yield curve, and (iii) with positive sentiment increases bond risk premia and makes its dynamics countercyclical."
"We answer this question using a principal–agent framework in which both the principal and the agent must be incentivized to carry out investments (or effort) that increase the revenue they jointly create."
"Third, the authors' findings support prior game theoretic findings that young males are less cooperative than females but that this gender effect reverses for older contestants: Men become increasingly cooperative as their age increases."
"To decrease computational time, the constraint size of the linearized integer problems is reduced according to various methods."
"For the latter, the revenue increase can be as high as 100%."
"In certain applications, time series data are available on numerous parallel observational units which, while not having cause-and-effect relationships between them, are subject to the same external forces (e.g., business cycles)."
"A model is developed for production processes which have an in-control state and may jump to one of several out-of-control states in course of time, each such state being associated with an assignable cause."
"It is hypothesized that the timing of the acquisition should be triggered by a product market signal indicating an increase in the venture's valuation."
"Healthy and growing, DMS is likely to affect OR/MS significantly, not only by providing funds for basic research, but also through its vision of a combined theoretical and empirical science of operational and managerial processes, and by its policy of bringing together different disciplines within the program."
"From a practical perspective, these results and conclusions inform efforts to increase or decrease tipping."
"These results are consistent with the main prediction of our theory: a scientific approach improves precision—it reduces the odds of pursuing projects with false positive returns and increases the odds of pursuing projects with false negative returns."
"The insight for management: Ranking-based pay increases can inspire more effort, but some misguided efforts might be toward diminishing others' perceived output rather than increasing team output."
"In addition, the results suggest that the existence of an AVM system can significantly affect the average time between the arrival of the first and second one-officer units."
"We, however, find that returns increase significantly on days during the fiscal quarter when adverse-selection risk is high and liquidity low."
"The study complements financial education with (i) financial incentives on a financial literacy test to affect participant motivation, (ii) financial goal setting to provide a psychological nudge, and (iii) personalized financial counseling to enhance the intensity of treatment."
"It is found that the risk aversion of channel members and the cost of monitoring and enforcement affect channel efficiency, and that under certain types of interdependencies and externalities, the nature of the power structure is crucial to channel efficiency."
"The capacity building cost may also increase because of a tighter deadline for building capacity."
"But if the added vehicle is of the same submodel as an existing vehicle, then sales actually decrease."
"The optimal program scheduling for one network generally decreases the ratings of competing networks."
"Previously, the authors found that a cold opening produces a significant 20%–30% increase in domestic box office revenue, which is consistent with moviegoers' overestimating the quality of unreviewed movies."
"However, our data indicate that there could be a substantial benefit from the implementation of a “maximize variety, minimize duplication” allocation strategy: sales increase by 4.4% without changing the total number of vehicles at each dealership."
"Individuals who ranked better than expected decrease output but expect a better rank in the future, whereas those who ranked worse than expected increase output but lower their future rank expectations."
"Informative advertising can arise because a higher perceived quality can not only increase consumers’ expected value, but it also induces more information acquisition and thus hurts the firm’s ability to extract consumer surplus."
"We find that information asymmetry may cause the less reliable supplier type to stop using backup production while the more reliable supplier type continues to use it."
"Since the potential number of customer types is factorial, we propose a market discovery algorithm that starts with a parsimonious set of types and enlarge it by automatically generating new types that increase the likelihood value."
"The continuation region is shown to shift up (down) with increases in the expected level of substitute (complementary) competition making the firm less (more) likely to adopt the innovation."
"We find that working capital levels decrease in the fourth fiscal quarter significantly more than expected, conditional on seasonal changes in economic activity."
"We prove that with the introduction of telemedicine, the specialists become more productive and the overall social welfare increases, although some patients, unexpectedly, will be worse off."
"Following alcohol revenue for restaurants using e-coupons, we find that offering a coupon increases demand during the promotion, and to a lesser degree after the promotion, suggesting that coupons can be used to price discriminate, while an advertising effect is less obvious."
"An important observation in supply chain management, known as the bullwhip effect, suggests that demand variability increases as one moves up a supply chain."
"Moreover, this effect on liquidity premia increases in the volatility difference, which is supported by our empirical analysis."
"The insight for management: The gender constitution of a group directly affects its approach to decision making and its performance."
"We test whether people are trusting or trustworthy and examine how inferring the intentions of those who trust affects trustworthiness."
"We also find that the degree of confidence manufacturers have in their imitating behavior affects the intensity of that behavior, where an organization’s confidence is determined by the variance of the routines used by its reference group and the number of firms in the reference group."
"The service speed chosen by the service provider affects the quality of the service through its customer intensity."
"We design and run three field experiments to investigate how different types of compensation affect the engagement of riders who experienced a frustration."
"Our main results include the following: (1) in contrast to the deterministic EOQ model, the controllable costs of the stochastic model due to selection of the order quantity (assuming the reorder point is chosen optimally for every order quantity) are actually smaller, while the total costs are clearly larger; the optimal order quantity is larger, but the difference is relatively small when the quantity is large; the cost performance is even less sensitive to choices of the order quantity; (2) the relative increase of the costs incurred by using the quantity determined by the EOQ instead of the optimal from the stochastic model is no more than 1/8, and vanishes when the ordering costs are significant relative to other costs."
"We consider the specificity of antecedent resources that affect these two decisions and conceptually demonstrate that there is a contradictory tension in trying to optimize the decisions jointly implying that one or both diversification decisions have to be sub-optimized (i.e., there has to be a trade-off)."
"A shortage function is defined that looks for possible increases in return and skewness and decreases in variance."
"Furthermore, we caution that investing in quality without also enhancing testing capabilities may inadvertently increase EMA risk."
"The formulation enables us to rigorously answer economic questions ranging from pricing, revenue sharing, and production levels in a static setting, to market dynamics covering both the causes and effects of changes in industry structure."
"Using quasi-experimental data on showroom openings by WarbyParker.com, the leading and iconic online-first eyewear retailer, we find that showrooms: (1) increase demand overall and in the online channel as well; (2) generate operational spillovers to the other channels by attracting customers who, on average, have a higher cost-to-serve; (3) improve overall operational efficiency by increasing conversion in a sampling channel and by decreasing returns; and (4) amplify these demand and operational benefits in dealing with customers who have the most acute need for the firm’s products."
"A surprising result is that when the decline in the IT cost is higher than a critical value, a higher switching cost increases consumer surplus."
"It is well known that manufacturing operations can affect the environment, but hardly any research explores whether the natural environment shapes manufacturing operations."
"We also look at the model’s implications for financial regulation and show that, in a second-best world, financial integration can increase the welfare benefits of liquidity requirements."
"This effect is further amplified when the analogous distance between the markets increases, i.e., when searching in far versus near analogous markets."
"Industry Structure, Executive Pay, and Short-Termism (p. 402)John ThanassoulisHow should executive contracts be structured to avoid short-termism behavior that can cause excessively risky behavior?"
"We find that corporate entrepreneurs are more likely to conduct search in new domains following events that cause them to expect future performance to change significantly and lastingly."
"These effects increase if the environment of a hospital gets more competitive."
"In the first, we find the bullwhip effect still exists when normal operational causes (e.g., batching, price fluctuations, demand estimation, etc.)"
"Results show that increasing the roundness of the asking price by one decimal, for instance, from precise to the thousands to precise to the tens of thousands, was associated with an increase of 0.6% in the selling price, equivalent to €2,099 on average."
"The difference between the two average travel times increases as the unavailability rate increases."
"How does priming identity affect charitable giving?"
"Interestingly, competitive power markets might see faster price increases than regulated utilities as such charges are put into place."
"Results show that, contrary to theoretical predictions, quantity discounts do not necessarily increase the supplier's profits."
"We find a statistically significant decrease in the equity and the asset betas after the quality award announcement."
"These effects do not disappear following repeated interaction between borrower and lender and are economically sizable: A one-standard-deviation increase in cultural distance, approximately the distance between Canada and the United States or between Japan and South Korea, is associated with a 6.5 basis point higher loan spread; the loan spread increases by about 23 basis points if the bank-firm match involves culturally more distant parties, for example, from Japan and the United States."
"This finding provides direct support for the notion that investor sentiment affects the earnings expectations of hard-to-value firms."
"Technological innovations and government-directed lending can cause surges in systemic risk."
"I hypothesize that change increases the risk of negative stress, and I test this hypothesis using a comprehensive panel data set of all stress-related medicine prescriptions for 92,860 employees working in 1,517 of the largest Danish organizations."
"For example, an increase in the degree of economies of scope would increase profits if prices were fixed or if the change were limited to firm i’s cost function."
"The experimental results show that, contrary to theoretical predictions, quantity discounts do not necessarily increase the supplier's profits."
"Although decision analysts are quite comfortable with this approach, there has been relatively little consideration of how these discrete approximations affect the results of the analysis."
"The first is a dynamic programming algorithm for which solution time increases exponentially with the number of time periods, but only linearly with the number of stages, irrespective of assembly structure."
"Second, also using panel data methods, we show that our mobility measures are important predictors of infections: roughly, a 10% increase in mobility correlates with a 5% increase in the rate of infection."
"Furthermore, we find that targeting job seekers based on our proposed approach can lead to a 29% increase in profits of a targeting campaign relative to the approach that was used by the social network platform."
"A paradox in organizational research on judgment and decision making is that although the law-of-effect in adaptive learning suggests that people’s tendency to take a decision decreases after the decision receives negative consequences, people often exhibit an opposite action pattern of escalation of commitment."
"An advantage of the process is that it avoids perverse incentives for a capacity provider to increase congestion."
"As one might anticipate, the simulation estimate of the expected number of customers in a ΣiGIi/M/1 queueing system approaches the expected number in an M/M/1 queueing system as the number of arrival processes, n, increases."
"Compensation not only provides incentives to an existing manager but also affects the type of manager attracted to the firm."
"Further, the complexity of the dynamic programming formulation does not, unlike other methods, increase with the number of phases (tasks) but only with the degree in which the additional tasks change the structure of the precedence relations."
"Gender, Competition, and Managerial Decisions (p. 114)Curtis R. PriceHow does a manager's gender affect the choice of compensation plans for employees?"
"We advance the literature on modularity by exploring how three aspects of a supplier’s relationships with its customers affect the supplier’s survival: duration of buyer–supplier relationships, autonomy from customers, and links to prominent buyers."
"Finally, we show that the mere threat of introducing the direct channel can increase the manufacturer's negotiated share of cooperative profits even if price efficiency is obtained by using other business practices."
"This study analyzed state-level university-based efforts to increase manufacturing productivity through the transfer of technologies, such as robotics and microcomputers, to manufacturing establishments."
"We develop a model, consistent with these observations, in which discretionary compensation payments to managers might increase firm value or might simply enrich managers at the expense of shareholders."
"Comparison of the expected cost of the optimal design to the expected cost of Shewhart's design shows an increase in expected cost of only 0.4 to 8.2 percent for the latter design."
"Rivalry-restraint-based theoretical mechanisms predict that an industry's profits will increase when its firms engage in less price competition, or less direct competition, with each other."
"In particular, customers’ per-unit waiting cost decreases with the offered waiting times associated with the announcements."
"Consistent with prior research the authors find that online customers significantly increase their banking activity, acquire more products, and perform more transactions."
"On the subscriber side, these newspapers experience an increase in subscription prices, a decrease in circulation, and an increase in differentiation from each other."
"First, event risks such as a market crash may be significant; second, market liquidity may dry up after a crash; third, the probability of another crash may increase after a crash; and, fourth, other investment opportunity set parameters (e.g., market volatility) may also change after a crash."
"Telecommunications technology developments uniformly increase content providers' profit."
"The analysis also yields a cautionary finding—although the breadth of search increases with number of searchers, the relationship is strongly sublinear (logarithmic)."
"Each division manager causes costly delays at the common production facility for the other division manager."
"Third, retailers’ profits first increase in relation to their strategic-reasoning capabilities and then decrease, indicating an inverted U-shaped relationship between profits and strategic-reasoning capabilities."
"Using the callers’ imputed preferences, we are able to conduct counterfactual analyses of how various callback policies affect the performance of this call center."
"Hence, companies may be able to use charity auctions as part of a corporate social responsibility strategy and at the same time increase profitability even though they donate part of the proceeds to charity."
"This paper tests whether the choice of presentation form affects the use of such information by decision makers."
"The growing importance of DSS for both strategy evaluation and end user computing increases the need to provide research-based guidance for the design of user interface aids."
"The tendency of orders to increase in variability as one moves up a supply chain is commonly known as the bullwhip effect."
"Additionally, a short-sale prohibition increases market depth."
"Using new books released simultaneously in e-book and print formats in March and June 2010 as the control group, we find that delaying e-book availability results in a 43.8% decrease in e-book sales but no increase in print book sales on Amazon.com or among other online or offline retailers."
"However, at the same time CDS protection decreases asset growth and impedes project initiation."
"Although the optimal last-order quantity before a price increase is similar in magnitude to what has been presented in other articles applying average cost approaches, in certain respects, this paper offers novel results contradictory to those suggested by other authors."
"In line with theory, the estimated treatment effect increases with social cohesion as measured before the intervention."
"Through a series of game-theoretic models, we characterize when it is beneficial for the buyer to offer EE instruments, including assessment assistance and procurement commitment, and how these instruments interact with third-party assessment assistance to affect the supplier’s EE investment level."
"Our policy experiments show that providing a carefully curated digest of social media content during the earlier stages of consumer search (i.e., on the search results summary page) can lead to a 12.01% increase in the overall search engine revenue."
"If both quantities are low, then the optimal portfolio consists of a mix of familiar and unfamiliar assets; moreover, an increase in correlation between assets causes an investor to increase concentration in familiar assets (flight to familiarity)."
"Using measures of market share that are exogenous to incumbent ratings, we provide suggestive evidence that incumbent rating levels become more generous as entrant market share in a product type increases."
"Our results show that as this sample size increases, the procedure gives results which agree more closely with predicted results."
"This cooptation increases the probability that the organization will adopt the change."
"A 10% increase in the price of voice minutes will induce about a 0.8% increase in the demand for SMS."
"In addition, the trading returns of independent directors previously unconnected with firm executives increase after the arrival of a connected executive and drop after the connected executive leaves the firm."
"Also, lead times increase because of congestion effects, resulting in higher safety stocks for make-to-stock items and lower service levels for make-to-order items, thus leading to a complex trade-off."
"When global economic growth at the end of the year is low, investors expect a worsening of the global business cycle and increase their required returns."
"When firms with unequal capacities use the opaque selling strategy, consumers know more clearly where the opaque ticket is from and the efficacy of opaque selling decreases."
"Observations from empirical and theoretical studies are combined in order to investigate the causes, conditions, courses, and consequences of organizational downturn."
"The analysis predicts that a brand's likelihood of using price promotions increases with an increase in the number of competing brands in a product category."
"Organ exchanges are expected to increase the utilization of living donors and to alleviate the critical shortage of organs for transplantation."
"We find that customer adoption of online banking is associated with (1) substitution, primarily from incrementally more costly self-service delivery channels (automated teller machine and voice response unit); (2) augmentation of service consumption in more costly service delivery channels (branch and call center); (3) a substantial increase in total transaction volume; (4) an increase in estimated average cost to serve resulting from the combination of points (1)–(3); and (5) a reduction in short-term customer profitability."
"We examine whether the adoption of CPOE systems by hospitals is associated with an increase in reported patient complexity and if the Recovery Audit Program helped to attenuate this relationship."
"We also uncover tenure and context effects, which decrease and increase the hazard rate of entrepreneurial exit, respectively."
"Past losses on repurchases have a significant and negative impact on the CEO’s future bonus and increase the likelihood that future CEO termination is involuntary."
"Using a data set consisting of automobile sales transaction data from a major U.S. automaker, our method demonstrates a 20% improvement in prediction accuracy over state-of-the-art benchmark models; this improvement can translate into a 10% increase in revenues from optimizing the offer set."
"The export increase comes exclusively from small sellers and exclusively along the extensive margin—that is, from new sellers or new destinations."
"Merger-induced bank branch closings lead to an increase in marketplace loan requests and loan acceptance rates, particularly for debt consolidation loans to lower-risk consumers."
"A companion paper showed that in a set of all widely released movies in 2000–2009, cold opening produces a significant 20%–30% increase in domestic box office revenue, which is consistent with moviegoers overestimating quality of unreviewed movies (perhaps due to limited strategic thinking)."
"Using instrumental variable regressions, difference-in-differences analyses, and matching methods, we find the shock changed the way people vote in the affected areas, with the demutualizations being followed by a 1.7–2.7-percentage-point increase in right-of-center vote share."
"We also identify a sufficient condition under which the optimal price decreases over time for a given inventory level."
"This interior trimming increases variance and reduces overconfidence."
"We propose a new specification for the coefficient of variation, which decreases with distance."
"An important managerial question for auction houses is whether and when buy-in penalties can increase revenues of the auction house, seller, or both, and what combinations of commission and buy-in penalty to use."
"Because electricity prices can be negative, it is unclear how the presence of negative prices might affect the storage policy structure known to be optimal when prices are only nonnegative, or even how important it is to consider negative prices when managing an industrial battery."
"We find that, relative to the first-come, first-served policy, our proposed personalized priority policies have the potential to decrease average waiting times by up to 29% or increase system throughput by reducing the percentage of service requests lost to abandonment by up to 6.3%.This paper was accepted by Vishaul Gaur, operations management."
"We show that, in a frictionless world where information is perfect and managers optimize, firm alliances disproportionately increase the value of high-resource-level firms, resulting in higher variance and higher skewness of the distribution of firm value; moreover, higher-value alliances are subject to regression to the mean at a faster rate."
"The amount of behavioral measurement, the cost of measuring outcomes, and the uncertainty of the business also affect compensation."
"As a result, the buyer provides a price premium to those suppliers who adopt EDI and increases their sales volume and market share."
"We show that institutional prestige increases a university's licensing rate over and above the rate that is explained by the university's past licensing performance."
"How do such structures affect service performance and service chain value?"
"We reexamine this trade-off in a workplace lab environment and find that, in line with theory, principals increase fixed pay while lowering performance pay when the relationship between effort and output is noisier."
"Pay–performance sensitivity, measured by dollar changes in manager wealth over dollar changes in firm value, decreases with proxies for growth option intensity and increases with proxies for growth option exercise."
"Even though the profit of either firm decreases as customers become more strategic, the low-quality firm suffers substantially more than the high-quality firm."
"However, as conformance quality increases, the cost of improving response-focused EQ also increases, suggesting that these dimensions might compete for resources."
"The exact results show surprisingly simple structures, which shed light on how system parameters affect the performance."
"Moreover, contrary to the usual belief that such sales are purely mechanisms for disposal of unused capacity, we show that opaque selling becomes more preferred over direct last-minute selling as the probability of having high demand increases."
"Using data on 47,915 new plant ventures in U.S. manufacturing, we find that incumbents and diversifying entrants establish significantly more productive new plants than de novo entrants, and that this advantage significantly increases with the importance of learning by doing in an industry (industry learning intensity)."
"We find that decorated theater stars significantly affect the financial success of theater shows, supporting the MacDonald version of the superstar hypothesis."
"For example, prices and aggregate expenditures for services typically used by the elderly are found to increase under “older” age distributions, whereas prices and aggregate expenditures for other services are found to decrease."
"The structure of discontinuities can affect the accuracy of QMC methods more significantly than the effective dimension."
"Finally, we show that contrary to intuition, as the competitor’s cost of capacity increases, the premium a flexible firm is willing to pay for flexibility decreases."
"It increases the sales of lower-selling albums (i.e., the “long tail”) significantly (40%) but does not benefit top-selling albums."
"Second, market illiquidity positively affects forward-looking risk premium, indicating that forward-looking risk premium contains an illiquidity risk premium component."
"Effective reporting oversight curtails managers’ ability to manipulate, which increases the benefits of conservative accounting and simultaneously reduces its costs."
"This paper examines how the optimal investment in the capacity of flexible and nonflexible resources is affected by financial leverage and, conversely, how a firm's resource flexibility affects its optimal capital structure."
"In particular, the variance of orders may be larger than that of sales, and the distortion tends to increase as one moves upstream—a phenomenon termed “bullwhip effect.”"
"This study fills this gap and estimates how announcements of firms’ reactions (yes versus no), timing (slow versus fast), and type (maintain/suspend versus no reaction) affect daily abnormal stock returns (ARs) following negative publicity."
"This is a survey paper on the application of control variables to increase the efficiency of discrete event simulations."
"When calibrated to data from the crude oil market, the model implies that financialization reduces the futures risk premium and increases correlation between futures open interest and the spot price level."
"This increase in volume is more pronounced the longer the time since the stock price last achieved the price extreme, the smaller the firm, the higher the individual investor interest in the stock, and the greater the ambiguity regarding valuation."
"Because the risk of extraction increases in lead age, physicians may extract leads to reduce the future risk of mandatory extraction, due to either infection or limited space in the vein."
"Among all states with laws creating HIE incentives, only states that combined incentives with consent requirements saw a net increase in operational HIEs; HIEs in those states also reported decreased levels of privacy concern relative to HIEs in states with other legislative approaches."
"The optimizations show that rescheduling programs can, on the average, substantially increase a network's audience size (11.6%) and advertising revenue ($61 million per year)."
"The case studies focus particularly on the early stages of the problem-solving process—problem definition, problem analysis, and the generation of solutions—emphasizing how each plant tries to identify the “root cause” of defects."
"Estimating the Operational Impact of Container Inspections at International Ports (p. 1)Nitin Bakshi, Stephen E. Flynn, Noah GansHow does terrorism affect international trade?"
"Interestingly, we find that the amount of data (number of households or number of purchases per household) does not affect our ability to identify the correct market type with this heuristic, so there is a good chance of identifying the correct market type even when little data is available."
"In particular, we show that the no transaction region narrows and converges rapidly to the infinite horizon limit as the time horizon increases."
"However, considerably less attention has been paid to learned characteristics of relationships that affect the decision to seek information from other people."
"Managers should be aware of and actively seek out such incentives, and they should communicate clearly that such destructive behaviors are not tolerable to derive the desired effects of merit-based pay increases."
"We provide evidence that increased elective volume at a hospital is associated with an increase in the cost of emergency care (a negative spillover)."
"Using changes in U.S. Senate committee chairmanships as a source of exogenous variation in state-level federal government expenditures, I find that firms headquartered in states with increases in government spending significantly reduce their innovation output, as measured by their number of patents and the citations to these patents."
"Feedback, Self-Esteem, and Performance in Organizations (p. 94)Camelia M. Kuhnen, Agnieszka TymulaHow do both positive and negative feedback affect performance?"
"In contrast to the competitive power supply scenario, however, these price increases materialize only gradually for a regulated utility."
"We find that increases in the effectiveness of patent protection increases licensing propensity, but only when the firm lacks specialized complementary assets required to commercialize new technologies."
"This paper examines how liquidity and investors’ heterogeneous liquidity preferences interact to affect asset pricing."
"Interestingly, the increase in ER visits is only present for the non-emergent category, indicating differentiated service to emergent and non-emergent care requests; capacity-constrained providers still tend to the patients in most need."
"We document that the shares of both bonus and option pay increase with performance and that the pay level and the extent of incentive pay positively affect firm performance."
"In particular we hypothesized: (I) that alignment of agency structure (formal lines of authority) with environmental structure (relationships between clients) will significantly affect organizational performance; and (II) that organizational performance will be highest when all clients with mutual interests (competitive and complementary) are served by a single division of the agency."
"The performance gap favoring Tabu Search increases significantly for more difficult problem instances."
"Coordination failure among owners of heterogeneous debt types increases distress costs."
"The intuition from options pricing theory is that higher uncertainty in project payoffs increases the real option value of managerial decision flexibility."
"Our model includes two of the factors commonly assumed to cause the bullwhip effect: demand forecasting and order lead times."
"Professor Weinwurm suggests that the use of mathematics in management science may so dominate a given model as to cause the disregard of vital human values."
"I present causal evidence that a major e-commerce platform increases on-site exports from small sellers through integrating an existing administrative and logistic service."
"The key benefit sought from process change is a long term increase in effective capacity."
"We show that increasing turbulence first increases but then decreases the relative value of vertical integration."
"Also, compensation should increase with the difficulties of making correct or conforming predictions."
"This paper documents the fact that in options markets, the (percentage) implied volatility bid-ask spread increases at an increasing rate as the option’s maturity date approaches."
"The increase in informational efficiency results from the timely incorporation of systematic earnings information."
"This result is confirmed using the initiation of connecting flights through recently opened air hubs because investment at destinations served by these connecting flights increases after, not before, their initiation."
"This classic decision affects all industries and has given rise to outsourcing, offshoring, and the title chief sourcing officer."
"Our results indicate that providing matching funds for all donations does increase donations from 23% to 33% of the endowment."
"When designing a sourcing strategy in practice, a key task is to determine the average order rates placed to each source because that affects cost and supplier management."
"It is shown that three cases may be distinguished: (i) when the price change is very small, (ii) when an essential price increase occurs, and (iii) when there is an essential price decrease."
"Finally, our results indicate how the deterrence effect of the audit scheme can be taken into account and how it affects the optimal auditing strategy."
"Our main result is an easy-to-check condition under which a provider can simultaneously achieve a profit increase and create a Pareto improvement for the users by offering a spot market (using idle resources) alongside a fixed-price market."
"Distance to market affects the intensity of impact."
"Specifically, we find that (1) adding only information about the sender’s purchase status increases the likelihood of the recipient’s purchase but has no impact on follow-up referrals, (2) adding only information about referral reward increases the recipient’s follow-up referrals but has no impact on purchase likelihood, and (3) adding information about both the sender’s purchase and the referral rewards increases neither the likelihood of purchase nor follow-up referrals."
"Hence, the value of marketing expertise increases as marketing decisions become more important."
"For instance, we show that reallocating 10% of the average observed investment from Fitness to Beauty can increase profits by up to 15.5% for some cities."
"The effectiveness of such systems often decreases as the application environment or user preferences change over time."
"Market share increases were also significantly correlated with improvements in manufacturing agility (R2 = 4%)."
"Ranking is increasingly more efficient than paired comparisons as the number of items to be judged increases from six to 30."
"How Does a Retailer's Service Plan Affect a Manufacturer's Warranty? ("
"Our key insight is that increased competition may increase licensing delays and hence inefficiency."
"We find a significant increase in antiracism requests following the killing of George Floyd in 2020 and a null effect for all other events in the decade."
"We propose four ways that participation might increase a startup's chances of a liquidity event: gaining endorsement of the startup's technology standard, openly developing the startup's technology within the community (but not necessarily gaining endorsement), simply attending physical meetings of the community, and having startup members elected to leadership positions."
"Through two experiments conducted in the field and complementary online experiments, we compare how transparency into these internal and external initiatives affects customer perceptions and sales."
"As returns to venturing increase, firms engage in corporate venturing for reasons other than capturing these returns."
"The model presumes that the rate at which a manager's opportunity wage increases in his expertise depends on the nature of that expertise, i.e., whether it is general or firm specific."
"On the other hand, under some conditions forgetfulness can make meting out severe punishments more credible and decrease the ability for players to effectively deviate, facilitating cooperation even in circumstances where cooperation cannot be sustained under perfect recall; that is, members are less likely to deviate if they might forget that revenge is on the way."
"The last part suggests additional variations in the market model and in the strategies which would increase the significance of the findings."
"The insight for management: Online target advertising based on user behavior is effective, but taken too far it might cause user or regulatory backlash that might reduce the effectiveness of online advertising."
"We also report several other results confirming the role of pooling abolishment, including (i) that the decrease in full stock payment relates to CEO incentives and (ii) that previously documented determinants of the M&A mode of payment cannot explain the post-pooling abolishment pattern."
"After accounting for project scope, implementation horizon and whether delays are anticipated, we find that project delay is primarily influenced by the magnitude of downstream rework and downstream delay: the magnitude of both upstream and downstream rework significantly increases downstream delay, which significantly increases project delay."
"Information stickiness appears to affect a number of issues of importance to researchers and practitioners."
"Our results show that (1) manufacturers whose reference groups showed large variance in niche-width changes during the previous year are less likely to imitate (the mean of) those changes, (2) manufacturers who have large reference groups are more likely to imitate the changes, and (3) the negative effect of variance on the imitating behavior is strengthened as the number of reference organizations increases."
"We test whether and how (centrally provided) private incentives interact with (decentralized) punishment, both of which affect subjects' monetary payoffs."
"4) Total social costs increase dramatically if control is delayed."
"In contrast, when they are substitutes, an increase in one is associated with a decrease in the other."
"The effect of decreases in food energy intake on the activity pattern of an individual may be described by an Mx/M/1 queueing model."
"As profit margins decrease, the networks seek to improve their viewer ratings with innovative scheduling strategies."
"This study examines how product market peers affect lending relationships."
"The quality of organization planning affects the quality of decisions, the degree of human satisfaction, and the effectiveness of the organization."
"Under ambiguity, deliverables specifications can interact with compensatory damages to create a form of “ambiguity insurance,” where ambiguity aversion is assuaged in a way that increases the aggregate, perceived value of the project."
"Using patient mortality as an outcome measure, we find that the quality of a surgeon’s performance at a given hospital improves significantly with increases in his or her recent procedure volume at that hospital but does not significantly improve with increases in his or her volume at other hospitals."
"The results of the experiment ratified the hypothesis that an increase in perceived agent effectiveness leads to award of compensation contracts of larger total expected value and a larger proportion of performance-contingent pay."
"They find that states that restrict the scope of noncompete agreements experience an increase in the local supply of venture capital."
"Optimal incentive intensities decrease with risk and increase with profitability."
"For example, greater market instability and market presence increase the value of marketing expertise, while larger organization size, organization instability, and competition decrease its value."
"This paper explores how government restrictions designed to prevent selective advertising affect the types of information to which consumers are exposed."
"On the other hand, under some conditions forgetfulness can make meting out severe punishments—even below-(stage) minimax punishments—credible and decrease the ability for players to effectively deviate, facilitating cooperation even in circumstances where cooperation cannot be sustained under perfect recall."
"In addition, an increase in interalliance competition decreases investments in the focal alliance but increases investment in the competition outside the scope of the alliance."
"A one standard deviation increase in the brokerage degree of a deceased star is associated with a 10% decrease in annual publications of his coauthor."
"On average, delay announcements decrease the market value of the firm by 5.25%."
"Using a two-period vertical model, we find that, under high-end encroachment, an increase in consumer uncertainty reduces the entrant’s profit and hurts the incumbent’s profit when the quality differential between the products is relatively small, whereas, under low-end encroachment, increasing uncertainty not only benefits the incumbent but also can favor the entrant."
"As the ability to coordinate is not always possible, it is shown that, as the program progresses, the level of coordination decreases."
"We also find that firms experiencing decreases in effective tax rates following tax reform experience positive returns."
"We show that failure-aware kidney exchange can significantly increase the expected number of lives saved (i) in theory, on random graph models; (ii) on real data from kidney exchange match runs between 2010 and 2014; and (iii) on synthetic data generated via a model of dynamic kidney exchange."
"Although the breadth of search increases with the number of searchers, the growth of the solution space is slower than the growth of participants."
"The results are different in the case of developing countries, where I observe that most financial consumer protection policies increase the cost of intermediation, suggesting that banks pass on regulatory burdens to their customers."
"Exploiting the staggered entry of low-cost Vanguard index funds as competitive shocks, I show that, in response to competition, incumbents sold to self-directed investors reduce their fees by 5% of the mean; however, funds sold with broker recommendations increase their fees by 6% of the mean."
"We identify a “churn” effect associated with dominant firm entry: fringe firms that precede the dominant firm into the segment tend to exit the segment, while new fringe firms enter, causing a net increase in the number of firms in the segment."
"Unlike a monopolist, competing duopolists do not always benefit from a higher privacy cost because each firm’s profit decreases—and consumer surplus increases—with that cost."
"Finally, the temporary decrease in year-end working capital is correlated with compensation benchmarks and analysts’ annual cash flow forecasts."
"Finally, from category-level analyses, we find evidence of increases in category-level spending in preexisting categories in the converted supercenter."
"Two sets of first-order solutions are examined: (1) those involving total expenditures, operating income, and the endowment payout rate; and (2) those involving tradeoffs between the net budget increase factor and tuition."
"We examine how ex ante financial distress risk affects CEO compensation."
"The estimation results show that changes in human resources practices do not significantly affect firms' output elasticities with respect to ICT, non-ICT capital, and labor, although most of the point estimates of the individual output elasticities and of the control variables for observable firm heterogeneity are larger if workplace reorganization is realized."
"With quotas set over short time horizons, the high-performing salespeople focus mainly on low-ticket products, resulting in a decrease in both sales volume and the sale of high-ticket products, thus reducing the firm’s profits."
"Consequently, the assistance process affects the level of cooperation and payoffs."
"High utilization can improve financial performance, but causes congestion, which increases throughput time."
"Consistent with prior work, we find that customers significantly increase their banking activity, acquire more products, and perform more transactions."
"This paper shows that hedge fund activism is associated with a decrease in mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and offer premiums and an increase in stock and operating performance."
"We quantify two factors that shape service designs: the type of steps ((i) routine steps, where effort increases the functional benefit and decreases the experience variability, and (ii) nonroutine steps, where effort increases the functional benefit at the expense of higher variability) and a holistic coupling factor (at each step, the design is determined not only by experience realizations at predecessor steps but also by how it can shape subsequent experiences)."
"Recognition of the causes of this lag helps to explain the current state of management science in marketing and will contribute to an understanding of future prospects and opportunities."
"We show that the endogenous volatility and jump size of debt and equity generated by other firms’ shocks vanish as the number of firms in the economy increases."
"This paper is the second of a two-paper study of fairness issues for decisions that affect the benefits received and the risks encountered by a population."
"Exterior trimming decreases the pool's variance and improves its calibration."
"We also discuss the role of unobserved patient factors, which physicians may discretionarily account for when making admission decisions, and show that including these unobservables could result in a more than threefold increase in benefits compared to just optimizing the policy over the observable patient factors."
"Adding new team members increases product enhancements at a faster pace than more intense use of process technology but adds repairs at almost the same rate as enhancements."
"As the share of switching consumers expands (e.g., when consumers adopt the Internet for news or increase their use of aggregators), ad prices fall."
"We find that enhanced trust increases the likelihood of high-quality freelancers being hired."
"The value of growth options could rise significantly because of convexity when the increase in idiosyncratic volatility occurs over long horizons."
"However, the magnitude of upstream rework does not directly affect project delay."
"We investigate the factors that affect the growth of Groupon, the leading online daily deals platform."
"In panel analyses, publications by firm scientists with stars and/or top 112 university scientists increase the number and citation rate for firm patents."
"Prior literature finds that long-lasting changes in firms' disclosure policies and information environment affect the cost of equity."
"The procedure is controlled by three parameters which affect the tradeoff between solution quality and computation time and whose values are set by the users."
"We study both “preemptive EMA,” in which farms engage in adulteration to decrease the likelihood of producing low-quality output, and “reactive EMA,” in which adulteration is done to increase the perceived quality of the output."
"A strengthening member of a group is one whose presence causes the graph of a group to be more highly connected that the graph obtained when he is absent."
"The primary purpose of the forecast system is to alert blood center management to the short-term inventory level of blood supplies so that they can take corrective notion to either reduce or increase blood collections."
"We find evidence of consumers learning from inventory information: a decrease in product availability causally attracts more sales in the future; in particular, a 10% increase in past claims leads to a 2.08% increase in cart add-ins in the next hour."
"However, we find no consistent evidence that the breadth of the product line at a local retail store affects purchases."
"Specifically, a platform increases the separation among products and offers a multitude of product introduction strategies."
"Finally, a longitudinal analysis of the deposit and loan growth of all federally insured banks in the United States from 2006 to 2017 reveals that customer compatibility affects a firm’s financial performance."
"However, it is unclear how quotas for female managers affect organizations and whether quotas improve or damage relationships between managers and their subordinates."
"In addition, in our model, the benefit of a new green technology is both uncertain and correlated across firms, and firms’ decisions exhibit both strategic substitutability (because the marketing benefit of a new green technology decreases as more firms adopt it) and complementarity (because the stricter standard is more likely to be enforced as more firms adopt it)."
"Once the firm has produced the goods, the available production volume affects the firm’s subsequent marketing decisions."
"This paper focuses on the degree to which interdependence—and in particular one structural characteristic that generates interdependence, vertical integration—affects organizational learning."
"We find that moving the equipment operator from a basic, pay-per-service plan to a fixed-fee, full-protection plan not only reduces reliability but also increases equipment service costs."
"Using data on opposition to patents at the European Patent Office we show that opposition decreases in fields in which many others profit from patent revocations."
"We design an experiment to test how the oath affects truth telling in two contexts: a neutral context replicating the typical experiment in the literature, and a “loaded” context in which we remind subjects that “a lie is a lie.”"
"Announcements of firms’ reactions positively affect ARs, especially if they occur quickly after negative publicity surfaces."
"We use a laboratory experiment to explore two channels through which sponsorship has been posited to increase advancement in a competitive workplace."
"In many services, the quality or value provided by the service increases with the time the service provider spends with the customer."
"We find that the level of inefficiency under decentralized control decreases with increased competition and spillover rate."
"Direct marketing, which indirectly increases the flow of profits through the retail channel, helps the manufacturer improve overall profitability by reducing the degree of inefficient price double marginalization."
"Generating Ambiguity in the Laboratory (p. 705)Jack Stecher, Timothy Shields, John DickhautHow does a decision maker's perception of probability and ambiguity affect their decisions?"
"We document that the strength of negatively reciprocal inclinations affects workers’ reaction to unfair treatment."
"This paper uses a formal model to study how evaluation costs affect competition for resources in strategic factor markets."
"However, this decrease was more than offset by increased subscription revenue as the policy change led to a 31% increase in total subscriptions during our seven-month study, yielding net positive revenues of over $230,000."
"However, our findings indicate that the reductions in cycle time and effort due to improved quality outweigh the increases from achieving higher levels of process maturity."
"It is stated that such an approach will increase the utility and effectiveness of operations research without destroying its research nature."
"We find that the equilibrium search environment embeds sufficiently high search costs to prevent consumers from evaluating too many sellers, but not too high to cause them to evaluate sellers’ products at partial depth."
"Cost uncertainty acts like a “fog” that lessens the destructive effect of price competition when products are close substitutes, and thus increases expected profits."
"We explore whether such bundles increase should behaviors and whether people would pay to create these restrictive bundles."
"We also find that the decrease in e-book sales is greater for books with less prerelease buzz."
"Based on a panel of metropolitan areas in the United States from 1993 to 2002, our results indicate that, relative to states that enforce noncompete covenants, an increase in the local supply of venture capital in states that restrict the scope of these agreements has significantly stronger positive effects on (i) the number of patents, (ii) the number of firm starts, and (iii) employment."
"For example, observing an additional person in the queue or an additional arrival to the queue leads to an increase in abandonment probability equivalent to a 25-minute or 5-minute increase in wait time, respectively."
"We show that in systems with discretionary task completion, (i) adding capacity may actually increase congestion, and (ii) task variability in service time can improve system performance."
"However, conformance quality and experiential quality each independently increase cost per discharge, which suggests that a readmissions–costs trade-off is unavoidable."
"The optimization model produces solutions that would have generated an increase of approximately 2% in overall profitability, representing over $6 million annually for the cable network."
"This strategy increases total audience size and benefits the viewing audience."
"In these settings, PFP affects managers' incentive to influence goal levels in addition to affecting performance effort."
"We build a model to analyze the tradeoff between more adoption and more diffusion and implement the best-performing message design in a production system with millions of shared messages per year (with a projected increase in net profits of more than US$1 million per year)."
"Competitive-advantage-based theoretical mechanisms predict that a firm's profits will increase when it creates superior economic value that direct and indirect competitors cannot fully compete away."
"Using data on the risky decision of factory expansion in shipbuilding firms and firm size as an indicator of the stock of tangible resources, we find that performance below the aspiration level reduces risk taking in small firms, but either does not affect risk taking or increases risk taking in large firms."
"The calibrated model suggests that return predictability can significantly increase both the utility loss due to capital gains tax and the value of deferring capital gains realization."
"Using unique data from an online content provider, we then provide empirical evidence that firms indeed engage in countercyclical offering and increase the share of free content in periods of high demand."
"We also show that when inertia of the more price-sensitive customer segment increases, the aggregate welfare of consumers, the retailer, and manufacturers may increase."
"We attribute the effect to increased search friction: travelers’ search intensity increases by 18.3% when market size doubles."
"We show that under both policies the optimal lot sizes will always be bigger than the ones in a corresponding deterministic case, and that the optimal lot size increases with the failure rate."
"We examine whether the recognition versus disclosure of identical accounting information affects the credit rating process and ultimately corporate credit ratings."
"Third, the subsidy that increases consumer surplus results in higher government expenditure."
"Our findings on the recent events contrast with those of earlier studies and shed light on how the changing market environment affects both asset pricing and corporate behavior."
"We reopen this debate in the context of security circumvention by employees, currently a leading cause of information security and privacy breaches."
"We show that consumer information acquisition can increase valuation heterogeneity and undermine a firm’s ability to extract consumer surplus."
"In our model, founders with greater socially constructed confidence tend to deprive their ventures of resources and resourcefulness and, therefore, increase the likelihood that their ventures will fail."
"We also derive precise conditions under which the seller can increase its profit by adopting a proactive strategy, i.e., adjusting its marketing strategies even before consumer reviews become available."
"They may reduce their own absorptive capacity or increase the transparency of their own operations to facilitate their partner’s learning."
"We also document an increase in churn directly after the notification, not at the time of the future price change, and argue that this timing pattern is evidence of sophisticated inattention: customers take immediate action to mitigate the impact of their own future inertia."
"Moreover, we find that offering callbacks as a demand postponement strategy during periods of temporary congestion reduces average online waiting time by up to 86%, increases service quality by up to 54%, and increases system throughput by up to 2.1%.This paper was accepted by Vishal Gaur, operations management."
"However, repeated interaction under cooperation of a team may lead to decreasing overall output over time because the benefits of the team working together may exogenously decrease over time."
"This delay, however, may increase (respectively, decrease) the degree of information asymmetry between the two firms, resulting in a higher (respectively, lower) cost of screening."
"Specifically, we find modest and short-lived increases in physical activity for those provided the choice of gain-loss incentives."
"Constraints may be trivial in the sense that, should we delete them, the set of points satisfying all (remaining) constraints does not increase."
"In addition by examining the dynamics of the system a new method, referred to as the R-method, is derived for solving linear programmes, although it is not demonstrated that this has any computational advantages over the standard simplex method, except that degeneracy causes no problems."
"How does aggregation affect financial market performance?"
"But do hiring firms actually increase their use of new recruits' prior inventions?"
"Third, we discuss how changing the granularity of feedback information affects its value to solvers."
"Friendships increase the probability of successful funding, lower interest rates on funded loans, and are associated with lower ex post default rates."
"This implies that it may be suboptimal to expect shorter delays as a result of a capacity increase, and that task variability reduction may not be an appropriate goal in systems with discretionary task completion."
"I provide strong evidence that the distribution of export increase is driven by a reduction in export entry cost."
"To increase the likelihood of having at least one successful product, multiple approaches may be simultaneously funded at the various NPD stages."
"The method mechanism directly influences learning behaviors, while the psychological mechanism directly affects knowledge creation."
"It is an inventory problem in which the inventory level can either decrease or increase, and the decision maker is allowed to change the inventory level in any direction at the beginning of each period."
"Even though the expected value of cost information strictly decreases with competition, the optimal price for industry-specific cost information set by an information vendor increases with competition when the firms’ products are sufficiently substitutable."
"A linear model is presented to aid in developing answers to such questions as the following: (1) What effect will any given demand forecast have on capacity plans, (2) what will be the effect of an expected change in ownership costs, (3) if prices for leased capacity increase by some given amount, how will plans and costs be affected, (4) what is the sensitivity of decisions and costs to forecast error?"
"We develop and estimate a model for labor productivity and firms' decision to reorganize workplaces that allows workplace reorganization to affect any parameter of the labor productivity equation."
"Further, as the threat of competition increases, the OEM is more likely to completely utilize all available cores, offering the remanufactured products at a lower price."
"However, it is unclear how volume changes in one service affect the costs of the other services in the same hospital."
"This paper extends this research by considering how loyalty affects firms’ decisions to facilitate search for nonloyal consumers."
"If both quantities are low, then the optimal portfolio consists of a mix of familiar and unfamiliar assets; moreover, an increase in correlation between assets causes an investor to increase concentration in familiar assets (flight to familiarity)."
"These two runs interact and reinforce each other, with compound feedback loops that drastically increase the probability of the collapse of the bank."
"Beyond the first year, exposure to higher peer ability during the orientation week negatively affects selection into the college’s most popular major (business administration) and final grade point average."
"Building on the seminal work of Thomas J. Allen, we contribute to the emerging microlevel theory of knowledge recombination by examining how individual-level characteristics of inventors affect the breadth of their technological recombinations."
"Interestingly, increasing the promotional frequency (while reducing its depth to maintain the mean and variance of prices across all stores) can increase loyalty to the household’s preferred store."
"We investigate if and how monetary incentives and expectations of social approval or disapproval from the public, and their interactions, affect an employee’s decision to blow the whistle when the social damage from the reported misbehavior is more or less salient."
"My findings suggest that resource diversion induced by increased government spending is a channel through which government spending may affect corporate innovation."
"Our results indicate that financial distress risk affects compensation through two channels."
"We therefore apply the Kernel density-estimation technique and demonstrate that for firms with organizational change, the entire labor productivity distribution shifts significantly out to the right if workplace reorganization takes place, indicating that workplace reorganization induces an increase in labor productivity that is attributable to complementarities between the various input factors and workplace reorganization."
"The production smoothing problem with known demands that are assumed to increase with time is treated."
"Our finding suggests that a 10% increase in visit length would decrease the likelihood of readmission following a home health visit by 6%."
"Comparisons of guidance months to nonguidance months show that guidance issuance affects the magnitude and not just the daily distribution of negative returns."
"The paper also discusses the causes of the bullwhip effect, a phenomenon in which variation in demand produces larger variations in upstream orders and inventory."
"In addition, team incentives may lead to more coworker support or to higher peer pressure and thereby, can affect the team’s social cohesion."
"Clearly, inventory could increase sales: expanding inventory creates more choice (options, colors, etc.)"
"Fee-upon-sale” types of e-waste regulation cause manufacturers to increase their equilibrium development time and expenditure, and thus the incremental quality for each new product."
"Firms in a vertical relationship are likely to affect each other’s productivity."
"Numerical examples demonstrate that the procedures increase forecast accuracy while reducing the costs associated with frequent forecast updates."
"Specifically, the total number of competitors affected by an action and the importance to these competitors of the markets under attack by the action increase the number of competitive responses."
"The choice of an information system affects the level of managerial slack that is generated during project implementation."
"Further, incumbents increase the degree of active management."
"We infer that managers chose to enter these markets to obtain this increase in value."
"We investigate whether the gender composition of teams affects their economic performance."
"In these circumstances the basic linear programming technique is insufficient, and a model has been developed as a multi-item newsboy problem in which a number of linear resource constraints affect the decision variables."
"Two random inputs cause two converging inter-related waiting lines to be formed—one of buses and one of passengers."
"We find that public research is critical to industrial R&D in a small number of industries and importantly affects industrial R&D across much of the manufacturing sector."
"Rather, when competition among resource investors passes a certain threshold intensity, miscoordination among investors increases to the point that sellers' expected profits decline."
"The authors confirm that accrual characteristics cause investors to overvalue stocks."
"In fact, even improvements to out-of-assortment products can increase the profits of the retailer and certain in-assortment manufacturers."
"Another finding is that when we have a positive change in the factors that increase sampling productivity, steady-state goodwill stock and sales will increase, but equilibrium sampling can either increase or decrease."
"We find that rival product announcements decrease a firm's financial market value, and that rival filed trademarks increase it."
"Incorporation of marketing strategy in production planning can reduce overall costs and significantly increase profits."
"In the case of carry-over, we establish the general result and show that capacity and inventory are economic substitutes: The target intervals decrease in the initial stock level and the optimal unconstrained base stock level decreases in the capacity level."
"Using a simple theoretical framework, I argue that public data reduces investment uncertainty, facilitates the discovery of new market opportunities, and increases the relative market share of new entrants relative to incumbents."
"The capacity building cost may also increase because of a tighter deadline for building capacity."
"Also, several classes of countermeasures are examined to determine their ability to increase the time window during which a secret can be held."
"The auditing policy acts as a deterrence device, and we explain why it requires the commitment of the insurer and how it should affect the incentives of SIU staffs."
"Since no standards for technology choice currently exist and user demand is expected to increase, system flexibility is also an important concern."
"We first study how path-generation methods (PGMs) affect the structure of the discontinuities and what the effect of discontinuities is on the accuracy of QMC methods."
"Furthermore the need for implementation affects the researcher as well as the manager."
"We estimate that our design would yield a 16% decrease in trial costs relative to existing clinical trial designs, while maintaining the same Type I/II error rates."
"Stronger policy rule inflation responses or weaker output responses increase real term premia and reduce inflation risk premia."
"As compared with existing DPS methods, MORE can substantially increase the utility of secure databases without increasing disclosure risk."
"However, the presence of third-party-remanufactured products can increase the perceived value of new products by up to 7%."
"We study the problem faced by a central planner trying to increase the consumption of a good, such as new malaria drugs in Africa."
"We find that managers are more likely to choose to deliver a full set of proxy materials when there are contentious items on the ballot for which they need additional voting support; and, indeed, the resulting support increases the likelihood that voting outcomes will align with management recommendations."
"We find that, on average, these actions reduce both the risk-weighted assets and the nonperforming loans ratios of punished banks, but there is no increase in the level of regulatory capital."
"We find a large and highly significant increase in individuals’ bank account balances within the first month of turning 55, which declines by about a third by the end of 12 months."
"Using a comprehensive sample of publicly traded U.S. firms from 1998 to 2014, we report that status inconsistency increases the likelihood of divestiture that decreases status inconsistency, particularly for high-status firms."
"We find that node collapses directly affect the performance of the acquirer and indirectly that of other actors, and that the direction of network evolution hinges on the degree to which firms pursue internal versus network synergies through node collapses."
"Through employing more than 1,500 workers, we find that our use of CSR increases employee misbehavior—24% more employees act detrimentally toward our firm by shirking on their primary job duties when we introduce CSR."
"We examine how this change in industry structure affects investment in innovation and capacity, and thus profitability."
"Firms are more heterogeneous in their responses, which leads to longer periods of differentiation when the variability of the consumer preferences, the discount rate, or the importance of the repositioning attribute increases."
"Using basically the same model, but focusing on the case of a homogeneous industry, Joglekar and Hamburg (1986) further identify several industry characteristics that increase the degree of suboptimality of investment in basic research, and consequently, the need for government intervention."
"The simulation results based upon the CEM are consistent with widely held beliefs about the effects of aging on the health care sector, for example, that aggregate expenditures will increase as the population ages."
"The culture of the national environment in which an organization operates affects the management process through the collective mental programming of its members, its managers, and the management scientists who offer their theories."
"However, if all firms increase the degree of economies of scope then all firms receive lower profits."
"Evidence shows that the electronic trading system has more price discovery and that trading automation increases the speed of incorporating information into prices."
"Some argue that experience with existing markets causes managers to miss entry opportunities."
"We find that in theory such hybrid mechanisms increase competition and make buyers better off as long as suppliers are willing to accept noncompetitive contracts."
"Externalities cause two stable usage equilibria to exist, one with the old technology being the standard and the other with the new technology the standard."
"Two independent empirical validations using a total of 34 social media campaigns on two different large online social networks show that the proposed seeding strategy can substantially increase a campaign’s reach."
"This paper characterizes optimal pay-performance sensitivities of compensation contracts for managers who have private information about their skills, and those skills affect their outside employment opportunities."
"Without careful management of the overlapped product development process, the development effort and cost may increase, and product quality may worsen."
"These properties, which affect knowledge management outcomes, can be organized according to whether they are properties of a unit (e.g., individual, group, organization) involved in knowledge management, properties of relationships between units or properties of the knowledge itself."
"Second, we establish that under both preannounced and responsive pricing, even though the social learning process exacerbates strategic consumer behavior (i.e., increases strategic purchasing delays), its presence results in an increase in expected firm profit."
"With detailed customer-level data from a large telecom operator, together with data on prices and contracts offered by competitors, we document that the notification causes an increase in customer attention, which triggers search, plan switching, and churn."
"As a result, these financial institutions are forced to deleverage, leading to a decrease in credit intermediation."
"If the result means that QFD induces team insularity, even when the team needs to reach out to external information sources, it is a cause for concern."
"On the display-ad side, affected newspapers experience a decrease in display-ad rates."
"Learning has been observed to exist in a variety of production and service situations in which the amount of input required per unit of output decreases as total output increases."
"Feasible production plans are partitioned into sets on the basis of production differences from period to period—those with production increases in all N periods, those with a decrease only in the final period, etc."
"Our findings are consistent with the argument that prior outcomes affect subsequent risk taking through a relationship that is sensitive to the model parameters (i.e., expected return, trading period, and curvature of the value function), because prospect theory can predict both increased and decreased levels of subsequent risk taking."
"Theory predicts that the effect of team incentives on team performance increases with the team’s social cohesion because social cohesion reduces free-riding behavior."
"Interestingly, the possibility of work-arounds can sometimes increase the social cost due to the negative externalities imposed by the users who are able to use the work-arounds on the users who are not."
"The main conclusion is that the value of information in a competitive market exhibits a sharp decrease as the number of firms that share the information increases."
"Consumer surplus can also decrease due to the consumer-generated quality information, contrary to the conventional wisdom that word of mouth should help consumers."
"Endowing planning languages with an optimization capability promises to increase dramatically the use of optimization."
"H4 The relative advantage of causal over naïve methods increases as the amount of change in the environment increases."
"The prevalence of broad front technological strategies, and of divisionalisation, increases sharply with firm size, together with dependence on formal R and D activities."
"Set in continuous time, the model formalizes the notion that fatigue accumulates with effort, decays with rest, and produces an increase in marginal instant disutility."
"This paper shows the form of the optimal policy if the expected holding and shortage cost is convex and if deciding either to increase or to decrease the inventory level does not involve a fixed cost."
"The treatment decreases the quit rate by a fifth to a quarter, lasting nine months before petering out, but reappearing after a reminder."
"We study how the joint pricing of these products affects price discovery and the distribution of gains from trade in an asset market."
"We draw on an exogenous announcement of negative news by the Food and Drug Administration and explore how it affects interventional cardiologists deciding between two types of cardiac stents."
"The author shows that the pricing kernel decreases in the market index return and increases in market volatility."
"The conclusion is that the industrial ethic which causes groups to interact with one another on a competitive win-lose basis, must and can be replaced by the new ethic which makes it possible for groups to approach their differences in points of view from a problem-solving orientation based on openness and reinforced by mutual respect and trust."
"The relational contracts literature suggests that a principal can improve contract self-enforceability by specifying initial requirements that increase the agent’s ex post rents."
"This increase was attenuated when hospitals were regulated by the Recovery Audit Program."
"Consumers use the increase in disposable income to pay down credit card debt."
"We show that as the consensus cost c increases from 0, this hurts the selectors (Theorem 4) but helps the firm (Theorem 6), whose utility from hiring candidate (x, y) is a weighted average of x and y. Thus a little conformity is good for the firm."
"We demonstrate that as the difference between the two market sizes increases, a duopolist is willing to pay less for flexible technology, whereas the decision of a monopolist is not affected."
"The endogenous determination of team size accentuates the positive effects of a decline in risk and an increase in profitability on incentives."
"We develop a model to show how agency conflicts, free-rider effects, and monitoring costs interact to affect optimal team size and workers’ incentive contracts."
"Our study provides novel and detailed empirical evidence of manufacturing innovation, and goes beyond previous research on the learning curve (learning by doing) by investigating how interplant assignments affect the value of employees’ improvement ideas (learning by moving).This paper was accepted by Charles J. Corbett, operations management."
"Our model is likely to be useful in systems where high variability is a cause for degradation and where numerous service interruptions are not desired."
"Also, we find that the likelihood of recalls decreases with prior recall experience, indicating the presence of learning."
"We use simulations on real networks to show that the proposed estimators and designs can substantially increase precision while yielding valid inference."
"Our main result is that discretion increases the probability that the same firm wins repeatedly, and it does not deteriorate (and may improve) the procurement outcomes we observe."
"While the course of technological change is widely accepted to be highly uncertain and unpredictable, little work has identified or studied the ultimate sources and causes of that uncertainty."
"Customers who live in areas with a high branch density or high Internet banking penetration increase their product acquisition and transaction activity more than Internet banking adopters in other regions."
"Also, the optimal time to market and capacity increase with the coefficients of innovation and imitation in the adoption population."
"When firms randomize between opaque selling and last-minute selling strategies, they are increasingly likely to choose the opaque selling strategy as the probability of high demand increases."
"The principal finding is that in a multipolar world first-strike stability increases with the deployment of small to medium sized strategic defenses whereas in a bipolar world it usually decreases."
"If competition grows past a certain point, miscoordination among buyers increases to the point that sellers' expected profits decline."
"This paper investigates how the introduction of low-cost index funds affects fund company strategies."
"Second, consistent with decision theory, we predict that marketing decisions become more important with increases in the instability of the marketing environment (i.e., predictability), the profit impact of marketing decisions (i.e., opportunity profit), and the loss from marketing mistakes (i.e., potential loss).Third, we construct empirical measures of our theoretical constructs with data from 592 firms."
"First, higher venturing returns increase managerial compensation, to which firms respond by increasing incentives."
"This may result in underinvestment or overinvestment in innovation and capacity, but always increases profitability."
"The restrictions affect statistical tests of portfolio efficiency, which are developed for the self-financing restrictions."
"Does testosterone increase the tendency to engage in self-employment?"
"The structure of discontinuities can affect the accuracy of QMC methods more significantly than the effective dimension."
"Each time an individual is born, an action is chosen, for him which affects his lifetime, the number and types of his offspring, and the reward received."
"Finally, since reward programs can add flexibility in adjusting the available capacities to the market demand, firms increase the size of regular capacities with reward programs."
"We study how corporate governance affects firm value through the decision of whether to fire or retain the chief executive officer (CEO)."
"The present work grew out of a study conducted at a County Assistance Office in Western Pennsylvania and addresses three important productivity questions in organizational productivity: (1) How should a given number of workers be allocated across related tasks, (2) will the arrangement that seems best for productivity increase or decrease equity within the office, and (3) what is the optimal size of an office?To answer question 1, we model the administrative office as a closed queueing network."
"We argue that this value-creation mechanism is more effective when customers face high switching costs and explore this prediction in the mobile telecommunications sector, using an exogenous policy change (mobile number portability) that suddenly decreases customer switching costs."
"It is demonstrated that, when there is at least one firm in the community described by the model required to control its pollution, the prices of all consumer goods will be higher after the imposition of controls than before; and the increase in price will be at least as great as the direct costs of pollution control in the production of each good."
"We find that tip recommendations affect tip amounts, but not customer satisfaction, patronage frequency, or bill size, which implies that neither the processes underlying the tip-recommendation effects on tipping nor consumer tipping itself affect these other consumer outcomes."
"Most importantly, the authors find that, when both quick response and enhanced design are combined in a fast fashion system, the firm typically enjoys a greater incremental increase in profit than the sum of either system in isolation."
"We contribute to the literature on corporate decision making by showing how state income taxation affects a real corporate decision that has significant economic consequences for the company and the state."
"Airport capacity could increase if, even during inclement weather, independent landings could occur on parallel runways only about half a mile apart."
"We show demand conditions where, contrary to conventional wisdom, entry of a new downstream firm lowers the downstream-market output and increases the consumer price."
"Female producers are the main drivers of our results, perhaps because they are more likely than male producers to resonate with the movement’s cause and face relatively low costs of enacting change."
"Under very general assumptions on the form of the effort function, we show that buy-backs adversely affect supply chain profits, and higher buy-back prices imply lower profits."
"When they are complements, if a change in cost parameters compels the organization to increase one, it would also require an increase in the other in lockstep."
"We show that guaranteeing women equal representation among winners increases their entry."
"Using monotone recursive preferences, we prove that risk aversion unambiguously increases savings."
"In other words, although in a serial supply chain a retailer may have just cause to fear quantity discounts and two-part tariffs, a retailer may actually prefer those contracts when offered by competing manufacturers."
"However, for a given n, the difference between the expected numbers in the M/M/1 and ΣiGIi/M/1 queueing systems dramatically increases as the traffic intensity increases from ρ = 0.5 to ρ = 0.9."
"Consistent with theory, we show that temporary asymmetry affects returns when investors demand liquidity and market makers bear risk for carrying capacity and providing it."
"Furthermore, the export increase is larger for more distant countries and differentiated products."
"Though such learning increases the resources committed by alliance partners in the learning phase, it decreases investment in the subsequent competition and also dampens the overall investment across the two stages."
"We unexpectedly find that in certain situations, lower piracy enforcement increases the monopolist's incentive to invest in quality."
"We identify one channel through which management can affect voting outcomes: increasing the turnout of (typically management-friendly) retail shareholders."
"They show that offering highly customer-intensive service allows the service provider to increase the number of competing servers and increase price, even as the service become slower."
"Consumer boycotts are triggered by egregious events, but the literature has not distinguished the level of egregiousness from consumers’ preferences or disutility associated with a given level of egregiousness, nor has the literature studied how these two components of egregiousness affect boycott intensity."
"Such temporary increases in information asymmetry are usually considered to be diversifiable or too small to impact expected stock returns."
"First, change in forward-looking risk premiums is negatively related to the S&P 500 holding period return, reflecting that an increase in discount rate reduces current stock prices."
"We consider a variant whereby marginal productivity decreases with fatigue, and we examine the optimal management of fatigue and productivity under various scenarios."
"Overall, our evidence is consistent with the pecking order theory: firms with deteriorated firm information environments increase their use of less information-sensitive debt, whereas firms with improved information environments favor the use of equity financing."
"As new products are introduced (and disposed of) less frequently, the quantity of e-waste decreases and, even excluding the environmental benefits, social welfare may increase."
"We argue that, in addition to serving as a mechanism for sourcing knowledge, strong internal linkages help firms increase internalization and create higher levels of technological interdependence across firm locations."
"If marginal and total benefits from the service are positively correlated (a sufficient condition is that the uncertainty not directly affect the buyer benefit), the usage charge should be set above the marginal cost of the service."
"For example, when the high-quality component is made common, the average quality of the products offered to the two segments increases."
"Our results reveal that CEO turnover is associated with increases in startups’ ex post innovation and survival performance, with experienced outsider CEO replacements showing the strongest survival rates."
"Since August of 1997, when the Food and Drug Administration eased the restrictions on direct-to-consumer advertising (DTCA), there has been a dramatic increase in the use of DTCA by pharmaceutical firms to target end customers (patients)."
"In the Robinson Crusoe case, WTP increases from $500,000 at age 20 to a peak of $1,250,000 at age 40, and declines to $630,000 at age 60."
"Many theories address how information technology (IT) affects the number of suppliers and supply chain governance."
"In addition, an increase in the expected jump size can increase stock investment even when the expected return remains the same and the volatility increases."
"Takeover bidders in stock-for-stock mergers have strong incentives to increase their own premerger stock prices to lower their acquisition costs."
"Celebrity endorsers can cause negative publicity that can spill over to the endorsed brand."
"It is estimated that on average, a $1 increase in state CIO budgets is associated with a reduction of as much as $3.49 in state overall expenditures."
"In the long run TQM can increase productivity, raise quality, and lower costs."
"Finally, a system-level experiment, in which pairs of queues were created and analyzed, reveals that when the effects of last-place aversion are addressed, overall abandonment decreases, such that with equivalent arrival and service rates, total service provision can be increased."
"I explore the sources of this variation by examining Internet adoption decisions in a very large sample of organizations in the finance and services sector in 1998.I show how prior information technology (IT) investments and workplace organization decisions affect the returns to adopting simple and complex Internet technologies."
"And growth options’ systematic risk could fall because the relative magnitude of their value in relation to systematic risk factors decreases."
"Finally, we partner with Wayfair — a multibillion-dollar home goods online retailer — to estimate the impact of our algorithms in practice via simulations using actual clickstream data, and we find that our algorithms yield a significant increase (5–30%) in the number of customers that engage with the site."
"As the speed of information processing increases and computational refinements develop, a corresponding effort is necessary to redefine in operationally relevant terms, or to sharpen the definition of, such key concepts as profit, capital, cost."
"Hence, when both quick response and enhanced design are combined in a fast fashion system, the firm typically enjoys a greater incremental increase in profit than the sum of the increases resulting from employing either system in isolation."
"The responsiveness of broker-sold fund flows to distribution fees increases, suggesting a shift in composition toward less elastic consumers."
"Although firms appear unable to increase the frequency of aisle display promotions in the short run, they can reallocate these promotions within their portfolio of brands."
"We also find that firms' patenting and citing strategies affect patent citations, making citations less indicative of knowledge flows."
"It tends toward underconfidence as the crowd's diversity increases, i.e., as the variance in the individuals' means increases."
"We show that, although the introduction of ride sharing may reduce car ownership, it can lead to an increase in traffic."
"In this paper, we examine how a service plan affects the role played by a manufacturer's base warranty."
"For skill acquisition, we find that the optimal process involves multiple phases of practice increase and decrease, yielding U-shaped effort consistent with the principle of distributing practice, and that the transitions between phases are smoother for skills that are easily forgotten (e.g., cognitive skills) than for those that are easily retained (e.g., continuous motor skills)."
"Firms use samples to increase the sales of almost all consumable goods, including food, health, and cleaning products."
"Using changes in state corporate income tax rates across time and states as the setting, we find that a one-percentage-point increase in the HQ state corporate income tax rate increases the likelihood of firms relocating their HQ out of the state by 16.8%, and an equivalent decrease in the HQ state rate decreases the likelihood of HQ relocations by 9.1%."
"This has prompted a search for ways to increase Internet adoption and narrow its disparity across countries—the global “digital divide.”"
"To be effective, shelter-in-place restrictions in municipalities of low socioeconomic levels may need to be complemented by other supporting measures that enable their inhabitants to increase compliance."
"Asystematic understanding of industry dynamics is critical to strategy research because individual firm performance dynamics both reflect and affect change at the industry level."
"Then it is shown for the stochastic case that the order of the items does not affect the production rate."
"Our numerical analysis indicates that the exploration of a new, incompatible technology is more likely to increase the chance of firm growth when there are a substantial number of power users or when a new technology is introduced before an established technology takes off."
"Faced with the decision of whether or not to adopt a new technology whose economic value cannot be gauged with certainty, the manager of the firm may elect to decrease the uncertainty by sequentially gathering information (at a unit cost of c > 0), updating his prior beliefs in a Bayesian manner."
"The insight for management: Information sharing policies in auctions affect bidding strategies and procurement prices."
"The insight for management: Censorship bias causes individuals to make costly decisions and behave in an overly risk-averse manner."
"We show that at any given time, the optimal price decreases with inventory."
"This has two major advantages: it better fits the usual practice and eliminates the sources of numerical problems that heavily affect continuous models."
"We find that this bias strictly decreases firms’ profits when investors do not have an abandonment option, but different results emerge when we allow the investors to divest in the interim."
"The value of information may increase as supplier types become uniformly more reliable."
"The insight for management: There are behavioral implications in cooperate or compete decisions that directly affect outcomes."
"We extend the logarithmic model of search to allow for time-varying dynamics that may cause the consumer to evolve and, perhaps, learn to search over time."
"The authors show that guaranteeing women equal representation among winners increases their entry."
"Resource rationing is defined as the under-allocation of resources; i.e., an increase in the amount allocated would generate revenues in excess of its costs."
"A well-known result in inventory theory is that physical centralization of stocks in a system with multiple retailers decreases total costs and increases total profits for the retailers."
"For firms with an ecosystem of complements, a 1% increase in the use of nonpecuniary OSS leads to an increase in value-added productivity of between 0.002% and 0.008%."
"In addition to the basic investment-financing issue there are other interrelated problems such as the payment schedule and the minimal cash balance that directly affect cash management decisions."
"If consumers’ values do not decrease too quickly, we show that bundling is approximately optimal."
"We investigate how consumer uncertainty about product quality affects firms’ behavior-based pricing and customer acquisition and retention dynamics."
"Collectively, these findings indicate that exposure to extreme negative events affects the behavior of information intermediaries and the information dissemination process in financial markets."
"Quantifying the role of content is challenging because of feedback (network effects) between content and adoption: more content stimulates adoption, which in turn increases the incentive to create content."
"However, when the trust level is sufficiently high, it also increases disintermediation, which offsets the revenue gains from the increase in hiring high-quality freelancers."
"These changes in corporate policies are consistent with targets’ attempts to affect the probability of a proxy contest."
"One of these models captures the notion that the likelihood of disclosing a secret increases as the square of the number of people who are aware of it."
"In particular, we show that the monthly propensity to churn increases by 60% (from 1% to 1.6%) among customers whose costs would decrease with the new prices."
"Using data on the life histories of all 134 firms founded to exploit MIT-assigned inventions during the 1980-1996 period, the study analyzes how resource endowments affect the likelihood of three critical outcomes: that new ventures attract venture capital financing, experience initial public offerings, and fail."
"When quality asymmetry is on base goods only and with boundedly rational consumers, add-on pricing can diminish profit for a qualitatively superior firm and increase profit for an inferior firm (i.e., a lose–win result), compared to when add-on pricing is prohibited or infeasible."
"Second, the orders tend to increase as the retailer population becomes more “sophisticated.”"
"However, there is no long-run increase in the mean spot price, and speculative storage generally attenuates financialization’s effect on spot price volatility."
"We also show that offline entry decreases consumers' sensitivity to online price discounts."
"This paper describes a methodology that demonstrates how specific types of patient/cost data can be used to construct a model that predicts the expected increase or decrease in costs associated with a change in patient load, expansion of an existing patient service department, closure of an existing patient service department, or installation of a specific patient service department."
"In addition, we find that the threat that another investor can appropriate a declined investment opportunity increases willingness to invest."
"The quality of personalized results increases monotonically with the length of a user’s history."
"We also uncover interesting dynamics between the two governing bodies: (1) the spillover does not occur when treated firms increase CEO-independent director social ties, suggesting CEO-executive connections and CEO-director connections are substitutes; (2) consistent with theories of board independence, when an information environment calls for dependent boards, increasing CEO-executive connections, which helps negate the shock effect on the board, has positive marginal effects on firm performance."
"Alternatively, he could increase the quality of the low-end model, but delay its release."
"The bias causes individuals to make costly decisions and behave in an overly risk-averse manner."
"Disagreement about stock valuation, combined with short-sales constraints, can increase asset prices."
"Both market design and fee structure affect quote aggressiveness and trading volume and its composition."
"We focus on travel cost and store density, the key local characteristics that affect consumer deal demand and merchant deal offering."
"The estimates serve as a basis for projecting the change in electricity prices once carbon emissions become costly; the net effect of such charges is predicted to be a 30% increase in energy prices at the retail level."
"We develop a model of technology adaptation behaviors that employees perform to cope with a new IT that causes such disruptions."
"We also find that cultural differences not only affect the relation between borrower and lender, but also hamper risk sharing between participant banks and culturally distant lead banks."
"We find considerable support for a model of voluntary shill-like bidding, where charitable bidders try to increase proceeds in charity auctions."
"Cash increases more with price risk in firms using inflexible production technologies and those that cannot easily hedge electricity prices, indicating that operating flexibility and hedging are substitutes for liquidity management."
"They find significant increases in medical students' disparate behaviors by patient race between their first and second years of medical school."
"Building on theory and evidence from the behavioral decision-making literature, we describe how founders’ socially constructed confidence affects the manner in which they interpret information about their prior and current ventures."
"Overall, bias from both sides leads to a $33 increase in average payment per loan compared with a benchmark case with no bias."
"Evidence indicates that firms manage down year-end working capital through transactions that increase year-end operating cash flow and that firms spread this activity over all working capital accounts."
"Increases in gasoline prices (by imposition of taxes, for instance) are much more effective in reducing carbon emissions, whereas battery-price-reducing policy interventions are more effective for reducing oil dependence."
"This alters the risk-sharing environment and leads to an increase in information acquisition."
"Further, we replicate earlier findings that males are less cooperative than females, but this gender effect reverses for older contestants because men become increasingly cooperative as their age increases."
"An accident that causes little direct harm may have immense consequences if it increases the judged probability and seriousness of future accidents."
"The Effect of CRM Outsourcing on Shareholder Value: A Contingency Perspective (p. 748)Kartik Kalaignanam, Tarun Kushwaha, Jan-Benedict E. M. Steenkamp, Kapil R. TuliHow does information systems (IS) outsourcing affect firm performance?"
"The demand for lucky addresses is also weaker on these inauspicious days, suggesting that superstitious belief indeed affects the demand for lucky addresses."
"The findings suggest that the risk of receiving stress-related medication increases significantly for employees at organizations that undergo change and that, as the breadth and scope of the organizational tumult expand, so does the use of such stress-related medication."
"The insight for management: Congestion affects optimal service times for triage-like diagnoses."
"We then model measurement error as if question format and other influences cause the consumer to choose the unknown “risk parameter” from a probability distribution and to make his decisions accordingly."
"We examine how initial public offerings (IPOs) and acquisitions affect entrepreneurial innovation as measured by patent counts and forward patent citations."
"In contrast, for firms with specialized complementary assets, increases in patent effectiveness increase patenting propensity but reduce the propensity to license."
"In contrast to standard portfolio choice models, changes in the investment opportunity set in one regime can affect the optimal trading strategy in another regime even in the absence of transaction costs."
"We show that the introduction of option contracts causes the wholesale price to increase and the volatility of the retail price to decrease."
"Do such offers affect the manufacturer's warranty?"
"We analyze how market design choices about counterparty information and costs related to the “plumbing” (i.e., clearing, settlement, and custody) of securities markets affect market quality and welfare."
"We then measure the extent to which assortment, pricing, feature, display, and promotion activities affect the purchase shares of the top national brands."
"The effect is driven by a relative increase in the listing price of, and in the demand for, apartments distant from vis-à-vis proximate to subway stations."
"We also consider alliances where matching and/or information about firm resources are imperfect, and show that complementarities are a necessary but not sufficient condition for alliances to cause an increase in firm value; and that complementarities are neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition for alliances to be correlated with higher firm value."
"The research suggests that last-place aversion can lead to maladaptive customer behaviors—switching behaviors that increase wait times and abandoning when the benefits of waiting are most pronounced."
"Corporate transparency reduces information asymmetries between firms and capital markets but increases the costs associated with information leakage to competitors."
"As a byproduct we develop a robust, distribution-free, batch size heuristic that causes a relative cost increase of no more than 6.07%."
"Our results also indicate that advances in information technology can account for the pressure on firms to become more focused and that competition increases the likelihood of a focused strategy."
"Consequently, monetary tightening increases both the reliance on and the concentration of wholesale funding within the banking sector."
"Appropriability Mechanisms and the Platform Partnership Decision: Evidence from Enterprise Software (p. 102)Peng Huang, Marco Ceccagnoli, Chris Forman, D. J. WuHow do intellectual property rights affect entry into the market for complementary applications from independent software providers?"
"This fact causes the paper to differ in a number of ways from earlier works dealing with organizational communications and related topics."
"The order of the stations is assumed not to affect the quality of the service customers obtain."
"Inspired by self-replicating three-dimensional printers and innovative agricultural and husbandry goods, we study optimal production and sales policies for a manufacturer of self-replicating innovative goods with a focus on the unique “keep-or-sell” trade-off—namely, whether a newly produced unit should be sold to satisfy demand and stimulate future demand or added to inventory to increase production capacity."
"We investigate whether cultural differences between professional decision makers affect financial contracts in a large data set of international syndicated bank loans."
"They test these anecdotes with rigorous analysis, and they unexpectedly find that, in certain situations, lower piracy enforcement increases the monopolist's incentive to invest in quality."
"H2 The relative advantage of objective over subjective methods increases as the amount of change in the environment increases."
"We use a competitive search (price-posting) framework to experimentally examine how buyer information and fairness perceptions affect market behavior."
"Customers who live in areas with a high branch density or high Internet banking penetration increase their product acquisition and transaction activity more than Internet banking adopters in other regions."
"The insight for management: Comarketing alliance contract structure directly affects participation and the success of the effort."
"In particular, increases in unit evaluation cost, improvement in the quality of a fallback option, decreases in the total number of alternatives available or improvement in the precision of the final evaluation process all lead to more restrictive cutoffs at optimum."
"We show how the timing of decisions affects the risk sharing between the government and the supplier, ultimately affecting the cost of the subsidy program."
"We investigate whether incentive schemes signal social norms and thus affect behavior beyond their direct economic consequences."
"Using a simulated supply chain experiment based on the well-known “beer game,” we examine how changes in order and delivery cycles, availability of shared point-of-sale (POS) information, and the pattern of customer demand affect supply chain efficiency."
"Surprisingly, the introduction of the fixed fee fails to increase channel efficiency."
"Based on an extensive computational analysis, we found that (1) planned overtime is frequently beneficial, (2) more workers should be hired as worker variability increases, and (3) increases in overtime costs frequently yield a relatively lower percentage increase in total expected cost."
"ETF activity increases return comovement, and this increase is partly attributable to the timely incorporation of systematic earnings information."
"It can be used to decrease the error in the approximation to any desired level."
"We find that, although better forecasting allows colluding firms to better tailor prices to demand conditions, it also increases each firm’s temptation to deviate to a lower price in time periods of high predicted demand."
"We document that proxies for prosocial employees and directors are associated with an increase in whistle blowing and forced chief executive officer turnover in a sample of firms that engage in misconduct."
"We find a significant postintervention attendance increase, which we interpret as habit formation, and which subjects appear not to predict ex ante."
"Using two years of inpatient data from 203 California hospitals, we find evidence that patient length of stay (LOS) increases as occupancy increases, until a tipping point, after which patients are discharged early to alleviate congestion."
"It demonstrates the kind of cost structure which causes a minimum slack rule to be superior to a shortest processing time rule."
"This paper examines how the use of the fixed fee in pricing contracts affects market outcomes of a manufacturer-retailer channel."
"Simulation experiments were conducted to investigate the proposition that formal organizational structure will affect agency performance."
"Although volatile marketing spending, as opposed to even-level spending, may improve a brand’s financial performance, it can also increase the volatility of performance, which is not a desirable outcome."
"A Multimethod Approach to Identifying Norms and Normative Expectations Within a Corporate Hierarchy: Evidence from the Financial Services Industry (p. 203)Stephen V. Burks, Erin L. KrupkaHow do ethical expectations and norms affect decision making in cases such as whistle-blowing on a peer, an incentive clash between serving the client and earning commissions, or a dilemma about fiduciary responsibility to a client?"
"This extension of the author's earlier work is motivated by the observation that real production systems are usually subject to influences which make for increased stability by tending, as the amount of work-in-process grows, to reduce the rate at which new work is injected or to increase the rate at which processing takes place."
"Different institutional structures can cause different behavioral norms to be internalized."
"His information seeking therefore increases over time."
"First, while process change may increase effective capacity in the long run, the disruptions during implementation typically reduce short term capacity."
"Furthermore, when managerial skills are largely firm specific (general), the optimal pay-performance sensitivity decreases (increases) as managerial skills become a more important determinant of firm performance."
"We achieve this by formulating a structural model that uses a Bayesian learning framework to capture how callers’ past waiting times and abandonment/redialing decisions affect their current abandonment and redialing behavior and use our data to impute the callers’ underlying primitives such as their rewards for service, waiting costs, and redialing costs."
"As the winner's share rises, however, the bid prices increase due to increased contract risk."
"This paper empirically investigates whether changes in product market competition affect firm boundaries."
"I argue that the increase in asset return uncertainty during the crisis results in a spread spike, making it more costly for shadow banks to roll over their debt in the short-term debt market."
"An accelerating increase in linear programming applications to industrial problems has made it virtually impossible to keep abreast of them, not only because of their number (and diversity) but also because of the conditions under which many are carried out."
"We examine whether cooperative planning and uncertainty affect the magnitude of rework in concurrent engineering projects with upstream and downstream operations, and explore the impact of such rework on project delays."
"In this paper, we characterize the relationship between the expected optimal value of a stochastic linear program and a stochastic program with recourse and the degree of uncertainty in the objective function coefficients c and the stipulation vector b. It is shown that under certain conditions the expected objective value is nondecreasing as the degree of uncertainty in c increases and the opposite is true for the case of b. The degree of uncertainty of a random vector is defined in terms of a covariance matrix."
"In this paper we verify their conjecture that PSA is asymptotically correct as the service and arrival rates increase with the instantaneous traffic intensity held fixed (corresponding to long arrival rate cycles)."
"Movie stars and celebrities do not seem to affect ticket prices or show revenues."
"I find that the presence of star funds affects stock returns in ways consistent with investor attention, suggesting that the boost in returns is due not only to an increase in fee revenues accruing to the funds but also to an increase in firm visibility."
"This “pair-splitting” version of the problem facilitates knowledge dissemination among developers, but can increase the effort needed for a developer to adjust to the work habits of several partners."
"On the other hand, it increases the risk of fixation on the incorporated features, which may inhibit the generation of novel ideas."
"By announcing (and setting) a high price, a firm increases its rivals’ short-run profits, reducing the rival firms’ incentives to innovate by magnifying their Arrow’s replacement effect."
"The insight for management: Availability contingency clauses on price guarantees sound like a safeguard for retailers, but, in fact, they reduce prices and increase inventory availability competition, making retailers worse off and consumers better off."
"Consistent with economic theory, I find that the pricing kernel decreases in the market index return and increases in market volatility."
"The average error with increases in variance of the leadtime distribution."
"Although a combination of large rebates plus sales incentives substantially increases market share, information and sales incentives alone each have zero statistical effect and explain at most a small fraction of the low baseline market share."
"That is, the probabilities of detecting an increase (decrease) in skewness from one time period to another when in fact there is no change are inflated."
"I find that hidden fees decrease ratings by roughly 0.15 points (on a rating scale ranging from 1 to 5)."
"Our contribution in the case of no carry-over, is a detailed characterization of the target intervals, assuming demands increase stochastically at the beginning of the life cycle and decrease thereafter."
"Consequently, managers who seek cost efficiencies via a strategy of high utilization in tandem with speeding up may find that their strategy backfires because there is a point at which employees are no longer able to compensate for a high workload by working harder, and throughput time counterproductively increases."
"We test how such numerological superstition affects financial decision in the China initial public offering (IPO) market."
"In addition, this paper documents that delivered RI increases in firms that implement RI."
"We prove that the SAA problem converges under mild conditions as the sample size increases but that, computationally, even immediate simplifications of the SAA problem are theoretically intractable."
"This may affect the relationship between housing price and distance to subway and reduce the price premium enjoyed by proximate apartments."
"Comparing white lies to those where lying increases the liar's payoff at the expense of another reveals important insights into the interaction of incentives, lying aversion, and preferences for payoff distributions."
"We find that higher levels of process maturity as assessed by the Software Engineering Institute's Capability Maturity Model™ are associated with higher product quality, but also with increases in development effort."
"We show this additional market friction helps rebalance the incentive structure, and in conjunction with the donor-priority rule, can guarantee an increase in social welfare by boosting organ supply without compromising organ quality or inducing excessively high costs of donating."
"The main finding is that moving from two standard deviations above to two standard deviations below in availability shocks increases ER visits by 2.4%, or about 20,000 yearly ER visits."
"Others pursue external responsibility initiatives (such as philanthropy or cause-related marketing)."
"To our knowledge, we are the first to empirically show that market power affects firms’ ability to dynamically price."
"Using mechanism design theory, we show that given the players’ incentives, the equilibrium incidence of bargaining failures (“strikes”) should increase with the pie size, and we derive a condition under which strikes are efficient."
"The analyses reveal that fast (slow) announcements of firms’ reactions increase (decrease) firm value by 2.10% (−1.88%) over the next four trading weeks."
"Comarketing alliances often involve multiple partners, and a given partner's marketing efforts on behalf of the alliance can indirectly affect the demand of the other partners."
"But, faced with a queue of customers, individual attention and increased service quality for one customer generally increases the waiting time for all of the others."
"It is assumed that only one assignable cause of variation exists and the time between occurrences is exponentially distributed."
"We show that when the physical stores are given fewer (more) functions, as with the showroom (return or fulfillment flexibility) strategy, the omnichannel retailer may find it optimal to increase (reduce) the number and/or size of the physical stores."
"This feature of conservatism, however, causes the manager to manipulate the accounting system to mislead the board and distort its decisions."
"Similarly, we hypothesize that aggregate performance affects unemployment most when both firm-level dispersion is high and aggregate performance is low, based on the sectoral shift theory."
"One, message routing causes any particular message to be distributed to relatively few organizational units, and thus greatly reduces the information processing load of the many units that might otherwise be involved in receiving or relaying the message."
"There has been a great deal of interest recently in the Japanese approach to manufacturing, growing out of a concern for finding ways to reduce inventories and increase productivity."
"Our results suggest that hospitals can increase communication about operational failures by deliberately making it difficult to work around them while simultaneously providing a high level of access to process owners."
"Experimentation with new components and new combinations leads to less useful inventions on average, but it also implies an increase in the variability that can result in both failure and breakthrough."
"We characterize how and why strategic versus behavioral motives affect decisions in distinctive manners."
"Evidence shows that the electronic trading system has more price discovery and that trading automation increases the speed of incorporating information into prices."
"Using a random sample of manufacturing firms across the United States, we find that this interaction does indeed affect the adoption of MRP, though it does not seem to affect MRP infusion."
"This study contributes to the literature by identifying a key technological factor that affects government spending and showing that IT investments can be a means to restrain government growth."
"This discussion reveals how different modeling can lead to different insights because they make different assumptions about the cause of the bullwhip effect."
"The study confirms that the recommender increases views, conversion|views, and final conversion rates by 15.3%, 21.6%, and 7.5%, respectively, but this lift is moderated by product attributes and review ratings."
"The simulations show that cost-effectiveness decreases as the extent of priority shifting increases."
"This paper tests how collateral value affects a firm’s choice between bank debt and public debt by considering the exogenous variation in the market value of a firm’s real-estate assets caused by fluctuations in local real-estate prices."
"In particular, whereas a single-prize game leads to a strong presence of the gambler’s fallacy, we observe a significant increase in hot-hand behavior in multiple-prize games with two or three winning numbers."
"Another important corollary of the planning horizon results is that the optimal number of machine replacements cannot decrease as the length of the horizon (planning period) increases."
"The behavioral theory of the firm and prospect theory predict that performance below an aspiration level increases risk taking, but researchers also propose that performance below an aspiration level decreases risk taking."
"An increase in growth option intensity can increase performance–effort sensitivity more than expected-pay–effort sensitivity so that, as incentives increase, pay–performance sensitivity decreases."
"Our analysis shows that, surprisingly, the opposite may be true—when a firm’s high efficiency is publicly known, the firm may reduce its product quality rather than increase it."
"Customers’ voluntary payments are significantly affected by subtle information cues: cues that signal a high rather than a low payment norm increase payments by some 27%."
"However the act of inspecting die device when it is not~impaired may itself cause it to become impaired."
"In this paper, we capture sophistication by studying how misinformation affects the two canonical models of the social learning literature: sophisticated (Bayesian) and naive (DeGroot) learning."
"We observe that, when input from a high-quality advisor largely agrees with a person’s initial opinion, it engenders little change in one’s point estimate and, hence, little change in accuracy yet significantly increases confidence."
"These inefficiencies can be exploited to increase the return on a portfolio of T-bills without affecting the maturity of the portfolio."
"The results indicate that unexpected growth in the product market increases the likelihood of acquisition; unexpected shortfalls in product shipments have no effect on the likelihood of dissolution."
"Among other results, we find that if remanufacturing is very profitable, the original-equipment manufacturer may forgo some of the first-period margin by lowering the price and selling additional units to increase the number of cores available for remanufacturing in future periods."
"The authors find a “Mark Effect,” a tighter distribution of rewards, as an alternative way to increase tournament welfare for most tournaments."
"The results compare favourably with those derived from a matched single cause model."
"They also find that firms' patenting and citing strategies affect patent citations, making citations less indicative of knowledge flows."
"When firms control the switching cost, the early entrant increases its investment in quality and switching cost and maintains its quality and its market-share leadership irrespective of the extent of decline in the IT cost."
"Interestingly, we also find that the effect of new product introductions on profit rate stems from a reduction in selling and general administrative expenditure intensity rather than through an increase in gross operating return."
"But the authors find that service plan offerings of retailers can cause reduced manufacturer's warranties."
"A key objective of our research is to examine how firm characteristics such as their differential efficiencies in completing projects, differences in the degree of substitutability between Type A and B products, and first mover advantages affect product development strategies."
"We find that excluding the cost of unused capacity decreases product costs by approximately 6% and increases gross margins by around 26%."
"Management can opt to send a full set of proxy materials to all shareholders, which increases retail turnout but also increases printing and mailing costs, or they can send a notice directing shareholders to proxy materials available online, which reduces costs but also decreases retail turnout."
"Dedicated and quasi-index institutional investors increase their stockholdings in response to increases in positive ESWOM such as joy and trust."
"In such an environment, making an item to order reduces inventory costs for that item, but might increase the lot size and inventory costs for the items made to stock."
"This paper argues that the value of external knowledge sharing increases when work groups are more structurally diverse."
"Our approach offers several unique features that are missing in commercial workflow management systems: (1) it provides more flexibility in process modeling and control; (2) it permits rework on an ad hoc basis; (3) it handles exceptions to routing and operational controls; and (4) it exploits parallelism to increase system throughput and response time."
"A look ahead algorithm is then introduced that outperforms the dispatcher by about 12% with only a small increase in run time."
"We further explore these VCs’ comparative advantage in managing CEO turnover, finding that the prominent VC effects increase as replacement costs rise, such as when incumbent CEOs are entrenched or possess specialized technology know-how, or when startups are in an early stage."
"Our analysis also explains why wholesale prices and thus final-goods prices would be expected to decrease when there is an increase in upstream or downstream competition."
"Overall, our welfare analyses reveal that in a competitive market, firms will prefer not to preannounce their platform features even if preannouncement may increase expected network effects."
"Further, we examine how a firm's choice of a Type A project is affected by an increase in the variance of the project completion time of a Type A project relative to that of a Type B project, while the ratio of their mean completion times is held constant."
"We study a seller’s optimal pricing and inventory strategies when behavioral (nonpecuniary) motives affect consumers’ purchase decisions."
"They first study how path-generation methods (PGMs) affect the structure of the discontinuities and what the effect of discontinuities is on the accuracy of QMC methods."
"We find that a 1 percentage point increase in capital requirements reduces lending by 2.3%–4.5%."
"Liquidity constrained individuals are significantly more likely to increase their spending upon turning 55 than unconstrained individuals—nonetheless, the spending response of constrained individuals is concentrated on nondurable and nonvisible goods rather than visible goods."
"Notably, firms decrease their advertising intensity in the wake of a new product introduction."
"This decrease stems primarily from the reduction in effort that outweighs any benefit from strengthening the salespeoples’ bargaining position."
"It is, therefore, intuitive that both risk aversion and ambiguity aversion should positively affect the value of diversification."
"The one-switch property states that the preference between any two lotteries switches at most once as wealth increases."
"Transient investors decrease their stockholdings in response to increases in negative ESWOM such as anger, disgust, and fear."
"We develop a novel model of regulation in which the probability of a stricter standard being enacted increases with an industry’s voluntary adoption level."
"For instance, as the number of competing servers increases, the price increases, and the servers become slower."
"We study how the degree of substitution between home and destination consumption affects the equilibrium market structure of the airline industry."
"Furthermore, in the presence of the sharing market, the firm will find it optimal to strategically increase its quality, leading to higher profits but lower consumer surplus."
"In contrast to standard portfolio choice models, changes in the investment opportunity set in one regime can affect the optimal trading strategy in another regime even in the absence of transaction costs."
"An increase in risk aversion intensifies transformation across states, which directly leads to higher investment volatility."
"In an experiment conducted on individuals wearing Fitbit wearables, we find that gain-loss incentives can drive increases in physical activity but are limited by the element of choice."
"Personalized marketing in retail requires a model to predict how different marketing actions affect product choices by individual customers."
"We also show that broadband has a negative impact on exam scores regardless of gender, subject, or school quality and that the way schools allow students to use the Internet affects their performance."
"A novel feature of our experiment is that we study how varying the relationship organization of the sales manager and salesperson to allow for (1) requests by the salesperson for the manager to choose price delegation, and for (2) the manager to award a small bonus after observing the salesperson's decisions, can affect behavior."
"This search interval should shrink as congestion intensifies and as the number of performed tests increases if additional conditions hold."
"Finally, we show that failure-aware matching can increase overall system efficiency and simultaneously increase the expected number of transplants to highly sensitized patients, in both static and dynamic models."
"The fundamental advantage of filtering is that it increases the likelihood of collective agreement on specific plans, while minimizing the strategic use of misinformation."
"The key prediction of this behavioral model is that channel efficiency decreases with loss aversion for sufficiently Nash-rational retailers."
"Finally, they find that the likelihood of recalls decreases after a company has undergone a recall."
"Again the difference between the two travel times increases as the unavailability rate increases."
"Collateral requirements can, thus, increase defaults and payment shortfalls."
"The authors identify a significant positive impact of training on employee performance: A unit increase in training is linked to a 2.14% increase in an employee's performance."
"Friendships increase the probability of successful funding, lower interest rates on funded loans, and are associated with lower ex post default rates."
"The article discusses mechanisms of knowledge management and how those mechanisms affect a unit's ability to create, retain and transfer knowledge."
"Team size increases with project risk, decreases with profitability, and decreases with monitoring costs as a proportion of output."
"We address the contested state of theory and the mixed empirical evidence on the relationship between turbulence and vertical scope by studying how turbulence affects the benefits of commitment from integrated development of components and the benefits of flexibility from sourcing components externally."
"We also discuss a concept of welfare-preserving redistribution wherein the Fed allows a group of DIs to reallocate (amongst themselves) their deposits and demand if such a possibility does not increase societal cost."
"We find a statistically and economically significant effect, implying that policies promoting content creation can substantially increase adoption."
"We further illustrate the implications in a newsvendor context, where our model leads to an order quantity that has higher variance but is biased in the less costly direction, and generates an increase in expected profit relative to other methods."
"This increase in commonality occurs for two reasons, which we term volume and product-mix effects."
"We argue that in many settings, agents can also infer information from others’ response times (RT), which can increase efficiency."
"Although there are other sources of danger, this study concentrates on the statistical error, which is very large for end values and increases alarmingly with extrapolations."
"Firms disclose information periodically, and in between disclosure dates, traders can obtain private information, and adverse-selection risk increases."
"Thus a laboratory experiment was undertaken to test selected variables that should (or should not) affect forgetting."
"Higher worker’s regret, sales volatility, and fewer delegations increase the conformity, while they mitigate the effects of integration."
"Interestingly, negotiators in the observation group showed the largest increase in performance, but the least ability to articulate the learning principles that helped them improve, suggesting that they had acquired tacit knowledge that they were unable to articulate."
"We observe that packing workers at the warehouses of the Alibaba Group deviate from algorithmic prescriptions for 5.8% of packages, and these deviations increase packing time and reduce operational efficiency."
"Counter to previous work, we show that certain turn-and-earn rules not only help the manufacturer but can also help the retailer and increase total supply chain profits."
"The picture that emerges from the analysis is one of particularly intense but contained knowledge transfer in equity joint ventures, relative to bare license agreements: knowledge transfers directly related to the alliance activity are enhanced in the JV, and the speed of integration into the Japanese firm's subsequent innovations also increases."
"Dynamic pricing is designed to increase the revenues or profits of firms by adjusting prices in response to changes in the marginal value of capacity."
"We implement behavioral mechanisms in a natural field experiment to increase loan repayment rates on a peer-to-peer (P2P) lending website."
"In addition, uncertainty related to a lack of firm or industry experience with such projects increases the magnitude of upstream rework but not downstream rework or the amount of cooperative planning."
"This paper explores how prominent venture capitalists (VCs) affect chief executive officer (CEO) replacement in startups."
"As the volatility of the environment increases though, integration can facilitate learning–by–doing by buffering activities within the firm from instability in the external environment."
"The second is an increase in the consumer's cumulative goodwill formation, which results from sampling the product."
"The resulting increase in the search engine’s profits is not necessarily at the expense of the advertisers because the combined profits of the advertisers and the search engine increase."
"We show, through simulated and real data, that, relative to methods that implicitly equate intentions and behavior, the proposed method can increase the accuracy with which purchase response models are estimated."
"Our analyses also demonstrate that state income tax features affect the destination of the HQ move."
"Because customers can increase expectations over time, customer dissatisfaction may not decline even when the product or service improves."
"They evaluate how such risks affect slack (resources in excess of current performance), aspirations (based on past performance or on the performance of other organizations), and survival."
"Fighting City Hall: Entry Deterrence and Technology Upgrades in Cable TV Markets (p. 461)Robert C. SeamansHow does government bailout of automotive and financial companies affect competition?"
"This cooptation increases the probability that the organization will adopt the change."
"The loan spread increases by approximately 23 basis points if the bank-firm match involves culturally more different countries, for example, from Japan and the United States."
"This delay, however, may increase the degree of information asymmetry between the two firms, resulting in a higher cost of screening."
"Our data suggest that the saturation effect is due to an increase in the workload requirements of the remaining patients."
"This paper examines how the enforceability of noncompete covenants affects the creation, growth, and survival of spinouts and other new entrants."
"Using simulated cross-sections of firms, we find that CDS trading increases corporate default rates and deters investment."
"The question of how initial resource endowments-the stocks of resources that entrepreneurs contribute to their new ventures at the time of founding-affect organizational life chances is one of significant interest in organizational ecology, evolutionary theory, and entrepreneurship research."
"It also describes how a posted list price might affect the sale price data used in this estimation technique, and how the technique can be modified to deal with this type of censored data."
"The analysis shows that competition can breed a demand for produce-to-stock, just as other economic phenomena such as economies of scale, uncertainty, or seasonality can induce make-to-stock, and that delivery-time competition increases the buyer's welfare while decreasing the producer's welfare."
"We find that regular season wins in football account for most of the increase in revenue for established schools, whereas invitations to prestigious postseason bowl games play a big part for less-established schools."
"We find significant increases in medical students' disparate behaviors by patient race between their first and second years of medical school."
"The EHR module that has been alleged to increase reimbursements is the Computerized Physician Order Entry (CPOE) system, which populates patient charts with default templates and allows physicians to copy and paste data from previous charts of the patient and other patients’ records."
"We also find an increase in requests for books featuring Latinx, Asian, Muslim, and Jewish cultures, suggesting that a focus on equality for one group can spill over and yield culturally aware dialogues for other groups as well."
"The oath did affect decision times in all instances: the average person takes significantly more time deciding whether to lie under oath."
"Using unique idea-level data from a large European car parts manufacturer, we show that interplant assignments significantly increase the value of employees’ improvement ideas due to the short-term transfer of production knowledge and long-term employee learning."
"Additional evidence suggests that both the likelihood of the withdrawal of an announced acquisition and the likelihood of a future divestiture of a target decrease with target firm-specific information."
"Second, BPD frequently increases each firm’s total profits, even in the poaching equilibrium."
"Although FIFO results in a range of closely related service durations and an increasing price schedule, we show that 2-SPT gives rise to a clustered service line with a gap between the ranges of service durations offered for different priority classes, along with a decrease of demand volume and a possible price drop from the lower-quality to the higher-quality cluster."
"The insight for management: Regret minimization may cause reserve prices that deviate from expected value-maximizing levels and may cost sellers profits."
"We show that whether or not centralization of stocks by retailers increases profits for the manufacturer depends on the level of “market search” in the supply chain."
"We derive some analytical results that illustrate how different model parameters affect the optimal solution and provide useful insights for managing components in the assemble-to-order environment."
"Failure and Rescue in an Interbank Network (p. 882)L. C. G. Rogers, L. A. M. VeraartHow do interbank obligations affect the fragility of our financial system?"
"In equilibrium, endogenous technology choice can counter a persistent negative productivity shock with an increase in investment."
"We also show that this entry may cause the profit of each incumbent downstream firm to: (i) remain unchanged; (ii) decrease; or (iii) even increase."
"We find that producers previously associated with Weinstein are, on average, about 35% more likely to work with female writers after the scandal than they were before, relative to nonassociated producers, and the size of this effect increases with the intensity of the association."
"Further tests indicate an increase in type I audit opinion errors and no change in audit risk after the ruling."
"If the added vehicle expands the available set of submodels (e.g., adding a four-door among a set that is exclusively two-door), then sales increase."
"On the other hand, the technology impact on Internet service provider profits is nonmonotonic: Their profits may increase or decrease as a result of lower telecommunication costs."
"Key to the analysis is joining the presence of a positive network externality with the fact that piracy increases the total number of program users."
"Further, ETF activity is associated with an attenuation of postearnings-announcement drift and an increase in active share lending."
"Recently, there has been a dramatic increase in technology transfer through licensing as universities attempt to appropriate the returns from faculty research."
"The ability to estimate cost increases due to forgetting would be useful for economic lot size determinations, bidding on repeat orders, estimating the cost of strikes, and so on."
"We explore how a country’s information environment affects innovation, an activity characterized by high information asymmetries and potentially severe proprietary costs."
"Moreover, we discuss four potential mechanisms that could cause the proposed effect."
"Supporting these arguments using the empirical setting of Gujarati immigrant entrepreneurs in the lodging industry, we find that the likelihood of survival of an immigrant entrepreneur’s hotel increases when surrounded by higher counts of branded hotels (representing high-resource establishments) owned by individuals from their ethnic group but is unaffected by unbranded motels (representing low-resource establishments) owned by members of their ethnic group or by branded hotels owned by individuals from other ethnic groups."
"Moreover, as conformance quality increases, the cost of improving communication-focused EQ decreases, indicating complementarity."
"Unlike existing DPS approaches that typically require a joint model for all variables, MORE requires no modeling of nonconfidential variables and thus further increases the robustness of secure databases."
"By incorporating an endogenous informed trading into an optimal incentive contracting model, we analytically show that, apart from reducing incentives, a greater risk increases the level of information-based trading, which consequently enhances executive incentives and offsets the negative risk–incentive relation."
"This argument is incomplete, however, because it ignores that litigation concerns also affect the incentives of the auditor, which, in turn, affect the firm’s optimal reporting system."
"How does the breadth of the product line affect performance?"
"This paper examines how sentiment affects homebuyers’ housing transaction decisions with a focus on auction sales."
"For example, when the product cost is low and/or there are sufficient expert (more sophisticated) product users, the two types of information are complements, and the seller's best response is to increase the amount of product attribute information conveyed via its marketing communications after the reviews become available."
"Managers increase effort, prompting firms to reallocate them to new ventures, where the marginal product of effort is highest."
"It predicts higher-than-rational usage that attenuates at a rate that increases with sunk costs."
"We develop a model to analyze how board governance affects firms’ financial reporting choices and managers’ incentives to manipulate accounting reports."
"Conflict affects human response to choice, in particular, it increases decision difficulty and response unreliability."
"We show that quality may either increase or decrease as WOM expands."
"The results show that text message reminders that convey lenders’ positive expectations considerably increase the likelihood that borrowers will repay their loans, whereas reminders emphasizing the adverse consequences of failure to repay loans do not have enduring effects."
"The difference between the profit-maximizing usage charge and marginal cost increases with buyer risk aversion."
"After the Berlin Wall fell, migration from East Germany accounted for an abrupt increase in the supply of a key resource—labor—in the West."
"Competition decreases the expected value of cost information."
"Substantial support is found for the central thesis, that achieving each of the four antecedent processes increases the predicted rents from an innovation project."
"For example, when the environment causes a correlation between observed sample sizes (e.g., number of past purchases, projects, observations) and latent underlying parameters (e.g., the likelihood of favorable outcomes), the maximum statistic is a better metric than the mean."
"We find that the lift in gross margins was associated with an increase in quantity sold and a decrease in price per unit sold, and that the lift primarily came from low-shelf life product categories."
"Surprisingly, subjects are more trusting and trustworthy when the stake size increases."
"Although we observe that privacy regulation alone can result in a decrease in planning and operational HIEs, we also find that, when coupled with incentives, privacy regulation with requirements for patient consent can actually positively impact the development of HIE efforts."
"Using local land supply elasticities as an instrument for local real-estate prices, I estimate that a one-standard-deviation increase in collateral value causes bank debt as a fraction of total debt to increase by six percentage points."
"We find that television advertising for financial services brands increases both the number of related Google searches and searchers' tendency to use branded keywords in place of generic keywords."
"The insight for management: Forced distribution evaluation improves effort but may also increase destructive competition between employees."
"Once the market capacity becomes publicly known, each player must decide privately whether to enter the market and receive a payoff, which increases linearly in the difference between the market capacity and the number of entrants, or stay out."
"Managerial judgment is frequently required to estimate many of the parameters of decision calculus models and the quality of these judgmental inputs may substantially affect model-based decisions."
"Do hospitals experience safety tipping points as utilization increases, and if so, what are the implications for hospital operations management?"
"The price of a new product strictly increases with its quality and consumers' rational expectation about the time until the next new product will be introduced. “"
"We also show that traffic and ownership may increase as the ownership cost increases and that a revenue-maximizing platform might prefer a situation in which cars are driven with only a few seats occupied, causing high traffic."
"The problem is complicated by the fact that staffing level in one time period can affect the service levels in subsequent periods."
"Moreover, this behavior increases when requests and bonuses are allowed."
"These additional price changes were mostly price decreases, and they were dispersed in time."
"The decrease subsequently reverses in the following first fiscal quarter."
"CCS capabilities effectively put an upper bound on the increase in electricity prices resulting from carbon regulations, and we estimate this bound to be near 30% at the retail level for both coal and natural gas plants."
"We also examine how the proximity to a brand’s city of origin, the assortment share of a store’s private label, the extent of retail competition, and the demographics of the store’s neighborhood affect the purchase share’s sensitivity to the point-of-sale marketing mix, revealing several subtle effects."
"In each version of the model, an important function of the parameters, called the competitive advantage ratio, indicates when it is optimal to either increase or decrease effort allocated in a market in response to changes in various measures of effectiveness."
"We find that an average TV ad leads to a 3% increase in EDGAR (Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval) system queries and an 8% increase in Google searches for financial information within 15 minutes of the airing of that ad."
"We build a game-theoretic model to examine how better demand forecasting resulting from algorithms, machine learning, and artificial intelligence affects the sustainability of collusion in an industry."
"This search interval should shrink as congestion intensifies and as the number of performed tests increases if additional conditions hold."
"We show that when the cost increases as a linear or convex function of the package size, the firm should make packages of the smallest possible size."
"Such information asymmetry causes the manufacturer to incur a hidden information cost."
"In my opinion the consequences would be a great increase in the value of operational research."
"The purpose of this article is to formulate and test a decision model to increase the return on a pool of liquid assets through the use of Treasury bill futures contracts."
"Second, reducing the variability of demand by pooling capacity in hospital clusters can greatly increase safety in a hospital system, because it reduces the likelihood that a patient will experience occupancy levels beyond the tipping point."
"In this paper, we take a broader approach to the issue, combining a “productivity” and an “adoption” approach, while including a search for contextual variables in the firm’s strategy that affects complementarity."
"A unit increase in training is linked to a 2.14% increase in an employee's performance."
"First, retailers’ orders increase as the number of retailers decreases or the supplier’s production capacity shrinks."
"Consequently, despite what customers may think about the availability verification, it actually increases their surplus."
"Yet little empirical research has examined how reference groups affect the product line decisions of firms."
"The choice of performance information system did affect the task processes, the choice of structure, and the involvement in task supporting processes."
"A setting in which customer-owned mutual companies converted to publicly listed firms created a plausibly exogenous increase in stock ownership."
"These changes in behavior are not associated with short-run increases in customer profitability, but customers who adopt online banking have a lower propensity to leave the bank."
"Using a large sample of albums from all four major record labels, I find that removing DRM increases digital music sales by 10%, but relaxing sharing restrictions does not impact all albums equally."
"In addition, subjects overestimate the performance of the merged firm and attribute the decrease in performance to members of the other firm rather than to situational difficulties created by conflicting culture."
"This, in turn, implies that even a small advantage in customer loyalty may lead to a large increase in profits and may help explain why some managers place such a high value on earning customer loyalty."
"Further, star articles increase these rates significantly more than other top 112 university scientists' articles."
"More specifically, the error rate of operational risk events decreases first, as workload increases, and then increases."
"As observed by simulation experiments, it turns out that for these robust versions the variability compared to their classical counterparts is considerably reduced with a negligible decrease in average revenue."
"Discounts increase when the sale is urgent, market conditions are poor, and the seller is financially constrained."
"The question of the empirical application of the indicators of the hierarchical dimensions in turn leads to a consideration of the problems of index construction, analysis of change over time, analysis of causes and consequences of variation in degree of organizational hierarchy, and of comparative research, whether cross-national, cross-organizational, or experimental in character."
"Second, as the potential substitutability between products increases due to social influence, the firm may leverage the increased substitutability and enjoy lower cost in production by reducing product assortment before demand realization."
"Using unique nursing home IT data from 2006 to 2012, we find that the licensed nurse staffing level decreases by 5.8% in high-end nursing homes but increases by 7.6% in low-end homes after the adoption of automation technology."
"Financial constraints can cause firms to reduce product quality when quality is difficult to observe."
"The analysis reveals differences in how various parameters affect the cost reduction from pooling and suggests that these differences stem from the manner in which the parameters influence the induced correlation between lead-time demands of the demand streams."
"Monitoring does not affect theft, with 10% of participants stealing overall."
"We use counterfactuals to show a nuanced impact of left-digit bias, which can both increase and decrease the payments."
"Our numerical experiments suggest that extracting failed leads only when forced to because of space limitations is usually a good rule of thumb, but that following the optimal policy, as opposed to the commonly used heuristic policies, can extend an average patient’s expected lifetime by up to 1.2 years and decrease the likelihood of device-related death by up to 94% in some cases."
"Significantly outperforming (underperforming) managers are less (more) likely to be fired in the future and are also more likely to increase relative risk."
"Third, consumers’ ex ante valuation uncertainty may increase or decrease firm profits without BPD, and it weakly increases firm profits with BPD, relative to the inspection good duopoly."
"However, the hypothesis that an increase in perceived environmental uncertainty prompts the principal to award compensation contracts of smaller total expected value and a smaller proportion of performance-contingent pay was rejected."
"The n most vital nodes in a network are those n nodes whose removal, along with all arcs incident with them, would cause the greatest decrease in maximum flow between a specified node pair."
"Our main focus is on how the presence of the multiplicative background risk ỹ affects risk-taking behavior for decisions on the choice of x̃. We extend the results of Gollier and Pratt (1996) to characterize conditions on preferences that lead to more cautious behavior."
"However, in the third product category we find mild evidence of time-varying dynamics, where search decreases over time from already low levels."
"For example, if the bidder and target operate in independent markets, the bidder has flexible production facilities but the target's production facilities are inflexible, then an increase in the bidder's demand can make the target less attractive and lower the value of operational synergy."
"Our analysis suggests that uncertainty regarding reporting weakness affects both the level of the market-to-book ratio and its association with firm size."
"Knowledge Recombination Across Technological Boundaries: Scientists vs. Engineers (p. 837)Marc Gruber, Dietmar Harhoff, Karin HoislHow do individual-level characteristics of inventors affect the breadth of their recombination of different technologies to generate radical innovations?"
"Debt financing increases incentives to exit, which, although costly for the firm, is socially beneficial."
"Thus, when food energy intake decreases, the activity pattern of an individual as represented by a queueing system changes: more time is spent at rest; less time is spent in moving activities."
"This growth was driven primarily by an increase in functional managers rather than general managers, a phenomenon we term “functional centralization.”"
"An increase of one standard deviation in EPU is associated with a 1.5% increase in forecasted three-month abnormal returns (6.1% annualized)."
"We show in this reply that the response by Charnes and Cooper to our paper is aimed at an issue that is only tangential to our analysis and does not affect our conclusions."
"In particular, the (expected) channel profit loss, compared with that of a centralized system, increases with demand price elasticity and decreases with retailer's cost share, while the profit share extracted by the retailer decreases with price elasticity and increases with retailer's cost share."
"We determine the optimal dynamic sampling effort of a firm and examine the factors that affect the sampling decision."
"Combinatorial auctions—in which bidders can bid on combinations of goods—can increase the economic efficiency of a trade when goods have complementarities."
"While perceived expertise did not increase the individual's emphasis of their own unique knowledge, perceived experts were more likely than nonexperts to emphasize shared knowledge and other member's unique knowledge contributions."
"First, the presence of speculators increases the firm's expected profits even though the resale market competes with the firm."
"Finally, we compare both WOM models to analogous models of advertising and demonstrate that the firm’s optimal response to a decrease in advertising costs is quite different from that to an increase in WOM."
"Strategic decisions to invest in new equipment are critical not only because of the large initial capital costs incurred but even more importantly because they affect future unit production costs, revenues, and the ability of the firm to perform operations that were not possible earlier."
"Using a panel of firms listed in the North American and UK stock markets, we find that adding board directors from countries with different levels of genetic diversity (either higher or lower) increases firm performance."
"We show that CDS protection increases the firm’s pledgable income: that is, the maximum amount of debt it can raise."
"Consumers pay a higher price for each new product because they anticipate using it for longer, which increases manufacturers' profits."
"Both attendance and wagering are found to increase with an increase in racing quality."
"In 2012, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration mandated all manufacturers to report any manufacturing interruption that can potentially cause shortages."
"Inducing group identity discourages sabotage among peers but increases in-group rivalry."
"Product design decisions substantially affect the cost and revenue drivers."
"Also, computational shortcuts for functions with special properties can be used to increase the efficiency of the model."
"Two of these processes are used to increase system efficiency."
"Because information-related illiquidity can arise when uncertainty is high, we focus our analysis on evidence that noninformational liquidity affects price informativeness."
"The results are robust to controlling for other dimensions of financial policy—cash holdings, debt maturity, dividends, preferred stock, convertible debt, and leverage—that also affect real investment."
"We extend these to the case in which some decision variables, such as price, may affect uncertainty and their causal effects are unknown."
"Low demand helps sustain tacit collusion, because deviation from tacit collusion yields only a limited increase in profit when demand is low."
"The authors investigate whether the gender composition of teams affects their economic performance."
"Using monthly production forecasts issued by the Big Three U.S. automobile manufacturers, we show that the frequency, horizon, and accuracy of the production forecasts increase when demand decreases and when the firms focus more on long-term profit."
"To motivate buyers to increase their order quantity, suppliers often rely on a well-established and widely used approach—they offer quantity discounts."
